Hi, I'm looking for a train that is going to cambridge and arriving there by 20:45, is there anything like that?|There are over 1,000 trains like that.  Where will you be departing from?
I am departing from birmingham new street.|Can you confirm your desired travel day?
I would like to leave on wednesday|I show a train leaving birmingham new street at 17:40 and arriving at 20:23 on Wednesday.  Will this work for you?
That will, yes. Please make a booking for 5 people please.|I've booked your train tickets, and your reference number is A9NHSO9Y.
Thanks so much. I would also need a place to say. I am looking for something with 4 stars and has free wifi.|How about the cambridge belfry?  It has all the attributes you requested and a great name!  Maybe even a real belfry?
That sounds great, could you make a booking for me please?|What day would you like your booking for?
Please book it for Wednesday for 5 people and 5 nights, please.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 5NAWGJDC.
Thank you, goodbye|Goodbye. If you think of anything else you need don't hesitate to contact us.
Hi. I'm looking for a hotel in the east.  The internet is not needed.|There are no hotels that do not have internet, but 7 which do have it. Do you have a specific price range you'd prefer?
no, but it should have free parking, please.|The Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is in the area and has free parking, would you like more information?
Is that a guesthouse or a hotel? I'd really prefer a guesthouse.|It's a hotel. There are 5 guesthouses in the area. Do you prefer cheap or moderate for the price range?
The price doesn't really matter. I just need free parking. It doesn't really need to have internet though.|There are 5 guesthouses that have free parking. Should I book one of them for you?
Okay, none of them DON'T offer free wifi? If not, I'll need the address for one that does have wifi, please. Tell me about your favorite.|The allenbell is a guesthouse on the east.  The addres sis 517a coldham lane post code cb13js.
Great. Can you help me with a train as well? I'm looking to come in from Ely.|What is your destination? And do you have any preference for day, departure or arrival time?
I want to go from cambridge to ely, no preference for time but I need to book for 8 people.|There are trains that run every two hours every day starting at 5:50. Do you know what day you'd like to travel?
I'm looking for Wednesday , arrive by 11:30 for 8 people Please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 35.2 GBP payable at the station. You reference number is 7ZCVR4Q3. Can I help you with anything else?
No, I don't need anything else right now.  Thank you for your assistance.  Good Bye.|Thank you and enjoy your visit. Have a great day.
I am looking for information about the City Centre North B and B hotel.  Can you help me with that?|Yes! City Centre North B and B is an inexpensively-priced guesthouse in the north of town at 328A Histon Road. Would you like to book a room?
Yes can I book it for 6 people starting on Saturday for 4 nights please?|They weren't able to accommodate those parameters. Would you like to try a shorter stay?
Sure.  Let's try 2 nights.  Thanks. I'll need a reference number, too, please.|The booking for City Centre North B&B has been made, your reference number is 0FAFY5PP.
Great! I also need a train from bishops stortford to cambridge, please.|I can find one for you. Can you tell me what day you would like to travel, please?
The train should arrive by 14:45 and should be on the same day as the hotel booking.|Great, I recommend train TR5108.  It departs at 13:29 and will get you there by 14:07.  Would you like me to book it?
Please book that train for me now.|Certainly! How many tickets would you like?
I need 6 tickets for the same day.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 48.48 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : GSTIN0L6.
That's all I need today, thank you.|You're welcome! Lovely day to you.
Hi I am looking for a train to arrive in Cambridge by 08:15.|Certainly, where will you be departing from?
I'll be leaving from Bishops Stortford on Monday.|It look like the TR0532 is what you are looking for departing Bishops Stortford at 7:29 and arriving in Cambridge at 8:07. Would you like to book?
What is the price for that trip?|The fare is 10.10 GBP per ticket.
I need to make a booking for 2 people and can you find me a place to stay in the north?|I've booked your tickets for the 7:29 train from Bishops Stortford, reference ZHT6R80S. Can you give me more information about the type of hotel you'd like?
I need a cheap hotel with free parking.|There are 10 total hotels, do you have a preference for area?
I would prefer the hotel be in the north part of town.|City centre north b and b and Worth house are both guesthouses and located in the north. Would you like me to book one for you?
I don't need to book today, thanks. Can you get me the postcode of one of them? Oh, and please make sure the one you choose has internet!|The postcode for Worth House is cb41da and yes, it has internet!
I will go ahead an book at the Worth House.|OK, great. will it be the same two people as on the train and starting on Monday? or do you have different needs for lodging?
Nope, same people.|I'd be happy to book that for you, what day will you be arriving on, and for how many nights?
1 person 5 nights please|Could you clarify if you need the reservation for 1 or 2 people please?
I need reservations for 2.|Okay let me see if I can book that for you.
Actually, I'm all set. Thank you! Bye!|Okay you sure you will not require a booking?
I'm so hungry - can you find me a place to eat in the city centre?|I'm happy to help! There are a great deal of restaurants there. What type of food did you have in mind?
I do not not care, it just needs to be expensive.|fitzbillies restaurant serves british food would that be okay?
Yes, may I have the address?|Sure, they're located at 51 Trumpington Street City Centre. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, can you help me find a train that can take me from Cambridge to Norwich?|Certainly. Can you tell me what day you would like to travel?
the train should arrive by 13:45 and book for 6 people and give me the reference number please|I'd be happy to, but can you tell me which day you'd like to travel on?
The train should leave on thursday.|The one closest to your desired arrive by time will arrive at 12:55 and depart at 11:36.  Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes, please. Could I have the reference number as well?|I was able to book you 6 tickets for that train. Your reference number is  PSQ9JOOI. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, I do not think so. Thank you for your help.|Okay great, have a good day!
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|Sure, what do you need to know?
I would like to book a reservation at Caffe Uno.|What day and time do you need the reservation for? And how many people in your group?
I need the reservation for 1 person for Friday at 10:15.|Your booking was successful and your table has been reserved! Your reference number is 3UH2KQDP. Can I do anything else for you today?
Yes, I need a train on Friday also, going into Cambridge.|Ok, where from and what time do you want to arrive by?
I am leaving peterborough and want to get to cambridge by 08:15|I can put you on the tr0035 it will get you there by 08:09. How many tickets do you need?
Just one.  Can I get the reference number for that?|Your reference number is E75VHN9I and 16.5 pounds will be payable at the station. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes, could you please email or fax me the fare amount, as well as the reference number?|it will cost you 16.50 pounds and the Reference number is : E75VHN9I.
Thank you. That is all that I need.|Welcome, it was a pleasure serving you.
I am looking for a restaurant that sell seafood,will prefer one in the center of the city.|I'm sorry, there seems to be an error. Can you please restate your request?
I would like a train into Cambridge from Stevenage.|Is there a specific day and time you would like to travel at?
Yes, I'd like to travel on Wednesday. I'll need to arrive by 8:00.|The TR9448 arrives at 06:43. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
Yes, please book 7 seats.|All set. You are booked for 7 people on TR9448. You reference number is B1Q6DDTE. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I need a hotel as well.|ok for how many people and when are you planning your stay?
Whoa whoa, easy there tiger, Lets narrow the search down first.  In the center, 0 stars, cheap and it can be a hotel or guesthouse.|How about el shaddai? Fits your request perfectly.
Is El Shaddai a guest house or hotel?|El Shaddai is a guesthouse. Anything other questions about them?
Do they have parking?|Yes, they have free parking. Would you like me to book you a room?
No, I don't need to. I was just curious about it. Thank you for all of your help.|Okay, is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I need a chinese restaurant.|ok what location?
It should be in the same area?|i only have one option can i book it for you?
No, I don't need a chinese restaurant after all. Thanks for looking.|OK. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No. That's everything I needed and then some, actually! Thanks, take care!|Thank you for calling.  Have a great day!
I need to find a train that leaves on Saturday and arrives by 08:45|Can you tell me what your departure city and destination are?
I'll be leaving Cambridge to get to Ely.|TR5344 arrives by 7:50. Does that work for you?
Yes, can you book that for 7?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 24.64 GBP payable at the station, you reference number is NUECBTHH. Will that be all?
Are there anything fun to do in city centre?|My favorite attraction in the centre of the city is a concert hall called Man on the Moon. It is amazing! They are at 2 Norfolk Street.
what is their postcode?|cb12lf. Is there anything else you need?
That's it.  Thank you.|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
I'm looking for a train schedule after 15:15, going to Cambridge.|There are several trains available for you. Where are you departing from and what day would you prefer?
i'm leaving from broxbourne to leave on saturday after 15:15|Is there a time you would prefer to arrive?
No, but I would like the booking made for two people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 35.79 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : N5FLMFK9. Anything else you need?
Yes, are there any italian restaurants in the center of town?|Yes I have pizza hut city centre located at regent street city centre.  Would you like to make a table reservation?
Yes please. Can you book it for Saturday at 19:45 for 2 and get me a reference number?|I'm sorry, they didn't have that time available. Would you like to try a different time or a different day?
Yes, can you try for 18:45 instead?|Sure thing! Your reference number is D1CJSO6Z.
Thank you for your help!|Did you need any further assistance today?
That is all, thanks again.|I'm glad we could help. Have a nice day.
Can you help me find some Thai food to eat tonight?|What area of town would you prefer?
I don't care where, just as long as it's expensive!|Understood. You have a choice between Sala Thong and Bangkok City.
Sala Thong sounds good. Please make a booking for 2 at 11:45 on Monday|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : RARTE3OH. is there anything else i can help you with?
yeah i need a train too|Where will you be leaving from?
I'll need to arrive by 11:00 and it should be going to london liverpool street.|There are 21 trains available. Would you like to narrow it down by departure site, day, or departure time?
Let's pick something arriving between 11:00 and 10:30. It needs to depart from cambridge and leave on tuesday.|Train TR4259 arrives in London Liverpool Street at 9:27. It's the closest arrival time to 11:00. How many tickets would you like to book?
I would like 2 tickets please.|Your reservation for 2 on the TR4259 train was successful, the total fee is 33.2 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is : FNRSFZWB
Thank you so much. The restaurant and train are all I need for now. Have a great day. Goodbye.|Ok! Have a great day!
Hi! I am looking for a train that arrives by 11:30 on Friday.|I have 122 trains that are arriving by 11:30. Do you know where the train is coming from?
The train should depart from Bishops Stortford and should go to Cambridge.|TR2083 leaves Bishops Stortford at 09:29 on Friday and arrives in Cambridge at 10:07.  Would you like to purchase tickets?
Yes please.  I will need 5 seats.|Ok, your booking is complete! The total is 50.5 GBP and is payable at the station.  Your confirmation number is RGOWFL51
Great.  I am also looking for suggestions on places to go in the centre of town.  Can you help me with that?|I show 44 attractions in  the centre area.   Is there a specific type you would prefer?
Do you have any multiple sports?|There are no attractions matching that description. Would you like me to search for parks in the area?
Do you have any architecture attractions|Yes many. All Saints Church is a famous one with no entrance fee.
That sounds great, plus it's free. Can I book that for 5 please?|Attractions are one thing we can't book for you, unfortunately. Is there anything else you need today?
Can you please give me the phone number and post code for All Saints Church then?|All Saints Church phone is 01223452587. Their postcode is cb58bs. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That should be all I need.  Thanks for your help.|You're welcome. Have a great time!
I am looking for a restaurant that serves Modern European food at a reasonable price.|Try riverside brasserie, it is located at 	Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane
Is that in the centre of town? Is it moderately priced?|It is indeed in the Centre and moderately priced.  Would you like me to book a table for you?
I just need the adress and post code.|The postcode is cb21rt and the address is Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane, will that be all?
I also need to take a train on wednesday, leaving after 10:15.|Okay, we have a LOT of trains leaving after that time.  What is your starting point and destination?
From Leicester to Cambridge, please.|OK, the TR9776 leaves at 11:09 and arrives at 12:54, the cost is 37.80 pounds, do you want me to book you?
Yes please book the train for 1 person and make sure you give me the reference number.|Ok, you are booked.  Your reference number is OYDBAUOS.  The total is 37.79 GBP payable at the station .  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't think so. That was everything. Thanks. Goodbye.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Please consider us for your future travel needs.
Are there any trains leaving from Stansted Airport on Thursday?|I have 19 trains available.  Could you narrow it down to a specific destination and departure time please.
i am leaving for cambridge and it should arrive there by 20.45|The train that arrives the closest to your preferred time is TR2286 which arrives at 19:52. Does that work for you?
I would like to make a booking for TR2286 for 1 person.|Ok, I've booked you 1 ticket on TR2286.  The fee of 10.10 GBP is payable at the station.  Your reference code is QHKC3MOF.  Anything else I can do?
Thank you I also need a place to stay that is a guesthouse with free parking.|I have several results matching your request.  What price range and area of town would you prefer?
I don't have a preference for area, I would just like it to have 4 stars and a moderate cost with free parking.|There are 9 options for a guesthouse with your requested price and amenities. The Aylesbray Lodge Guest House is lovely this time of year, if you're interested?
That works. What's the phone number, area, and if they have internet?|aylesbray lodge guest house is in the south of town, their phone number is 01223240089 and they have internet
Could you book it for me?|I'd be happy to. When would you like to begin your stay, and for how many nights would you like rooms reserved?
I just need it for one night for one person please.  Can you tell me which area it is in?|It is in the south area.
Thank you very much, I think that's all I needed.|You are welcome. Have a good day!
I need a place to stay in South of town.|Okay, do you have any price range you're looking for?
It doesn't matter on the pricing or about having free parking. I would like the hotel to be like a guesthouse.|Aylesbray lodge guest house fits your needs. Would you like me to book that for you?
That won't be necessary thanks.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes actually, could you book that for me? I've changed my mind.|That's fine. I'm here to help. For how many people and how many nights will that be?
The stay is for 4 of us for 3 nights.|What day would you like that reservation?
Friday, please, and for 3 nights. Thank you!|Booking was successful. Your reference number is PYDLXTII. Can I help you with anything else?
I am also looking for a train on the same day as my hotel booking that goes to cambridge that arrives by 20:00 and departs from stevenage.|OK, any date or time preferences?
Friday, and after 20:00.|TTR7278 leaves at 17:54 and arrives at 18:43, cost is 12.80 pounds per person, would you like me to book you?
Yes please, that would be wonderful. I would like a booking for 4 people, and the reference number, please.|I was able to book you for 4 tickets on train TR7278.   The total fee is 51.2 GBP payable at the station.
Could I get the reference number?|The reference number is M8CQ8Y16.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. You've been a great help. Goodbye!|Thanks for using our service. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I am going out of town from Cambridge on tuesday and need to take a train, can you help me?|Absolutely. Where are you heading to?
I am going to ely|Ok, did you have a certain time you wanted to leave after or arrive in Ely?
I would like to leave after 19:15 please.|for how many ?
for 2 people, please|Booking was successful,  .Reference number is : G02V81W6. The train ID is TR5511, it leaves at 19:50
I'm also looking for a college in the west. Can you recommend one?|There are 5. 3 are free, and 2 cost 2.50 Pounds to visit. What do you prefer?
How about one of the free ones? Give me the address and phone number.|Churchill College is located on Storey's Way. The phone number is 01223336233. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, I think that is everything I can think of.  Thanks for your help!|Thank you enjoy the rest of your day.
Can you help me find information on saint john's college?|Saint John's College is in the Centre of town on Saint John's Street. The entrance fee is 2.50 Pounds. Can I help you with anything else?
Is there an exact address, like a street number? Thanks!|It is on Saint John's Street, though it doesn't have an exact street number. Is there anything else you would like to know?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train that leaves on Friday after 11:15.|Where will you be departing from, and what is your destination?
cambridge is my destination and from leicester|The TR3877 leaves at 12:09 on Friday. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, can you book it for 1 person, please?|It has been booked. Your total fee is 37.79 GBP, which is payable at the station. Your reference number is 2X743C2D.
Great.  Thanks for all your help!|You're welcome. Have a good day!
I'm on a tight budget so I need to find a cheap restaurant that serves chinese food|Sure, do you prefer the south part of town or do you want to stay in the centre?
It doesn't matter.|The Rice House is a great cheap Chinese restaurant located in the centre of town.  Would you like me to book you a table there?
Yes. Can you reserve one for 4 people at 16:45 on Sunday?|I'm sorry my reservation system is not working today. Here is their phone number and address. 01223367755 at 88 Mill Road City Centre. Postcode is cb12bd. Enjoy your meal!
Hello, can you help me find a restaurant for my upcoming trip to Cambridge?|Absolutely! What type of food are you looking for?
I do not care. Just something in the south, moderate range in price.|There are two options that match what you're looking for.  Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton and Restaurant Alimentum, which is modern European cuisine.  Does either sound good?
i want to reserve a table at  Restaurant Alimentum|what day and how many people?
I would need it for 3 people for 17:30 on monday.|I have booked that for you and your reference number is 7HRLWXYB.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Thanks!  I need to travel to Kings Lynn from Cambridge for 3 people.  I need to travel Tuesday night, sometime after 20:00.  I need a reference number please.|I would suggest train TR8387 that leaves at 21:11 with arrival at 21:58.  Would you like me to book this one or do you need a different arrival time?
This is perfect. Please book for 3 people and give me the reference number.|Okay, I've booked 3 tickets for you on TR8387. It will cost 29.4 GBP. Your reference number is VF2TRXD0. Can I do anything else for you today?
No, that sounds about right. Thanks.|Enjoy your visit.
I am looking for a train going from cambridge to london liverpool street|I have many trains available between Cambridge and Liverpool Street. What day are you looking to travel?
I would like to travel on Tuesday and I would like to arrive by 20:15 please.|I have train TR7299 that leaves at 5:59 and arrives at 7:27.  Would you like to book that?
Do you have a train that arrives closer to 20:15.|Yes,  TR9561 arrives at 19:27.  Would you like to book that train?
Yes, I need 7 tickets.|Will you needing a reference number?
Yes please.  I'm also looking for a hotel in the west.  I need free parking and wifi available.  Thanks so much.|Your train was booked successfully for 7 people. Your reference number is MQRGDBZA. There are many hotels located in the west. Are you looking for something in a certain price range?
A 3 star hotel in the cheap price range|Im sorry I have nothing matching that criteria can we adjust the amenities?
I need to book a train for Friday please.|Great. Where are you headed?
I am going to Cambridge. I would like to arrive in the afternoon, please.|Where are you departing from?
There are two of us departing from kings lynn and we need to arrive by 16:45. Can you book it for 2 people and send me the reference number?|I booked TR5331 for you. Your reference is GPFBA8K5.
Can I also get information on king's college.|Of course. King's College has a free entrance fee and is in the centre of town
What is the address?|adress is Kings Parade
I am looking for a train from Stevenage for a trip to Cambridge.|There are several trains to your specifications. What day and time would you like to leave?
I need to leave on Wednesday after 10:45|The earliest train that meets your needs is TR6473, leaving at 11:54 and arriving in cambridge at 12:43. Would you like to book passage on that train?
Yes I would. There are 3 of us traveling. Could we get a private area on the train?|Certainly, do you have a price range in mind?
For the train, no. And I made a mistake. I only need a booking for 1 person.|Not a problem at all. Booking for one person was successful, the total fee is 12.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 8WYSLEG0. Anything else today?
I also need a place to dine. I'm looking for something cheap in the south.|I have found 2 options for you: The Lucky Star, which serves Chinese food, and Nandos, which serves Portuguese food. Shall I make a reservation for one of them?
Please book Nandos.|Sure. What say and time are you thinking? And for how many people?
Actually, I'll take care of the reservation. Can I just get the phone number and address for Nandos, please?|Yes, the phone number is 01223327908, and the address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way. Can I help with anything else?
No, that was all the information I needed. Thanks so much. Have a good day.|You too, goodbye.
Hello, I am looking for a guesthouse that includes free parking.|There are over 20 results. Is there a certain area you'd like to stay?
Cheap price and North part of town|One of your options is Worth House, it has a 4-star rating, would you like me to book it for you?
Let's make a booking for 6 people, 5 nights starting wednesday|Okay, your booking was successful. Your reference number is 0HRI1K18. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train|Ok, first I'll need to know where you are departing/arriving and what day?
My plan is to depart from Cambridge this Saturday.|Where will you be arriving at?
I'm going to london liverpool street. I want my train to leave after 14:45.|I have one leaving at 15:59. Will that work?
Yes,  that's perfect.  Can you please book it for the same party and provide me with a reference number.|You are all set, the cost is 66.39 GBP payable at the station .The Reference number is : P11XWALE
Great, thanks for your help!|Happy to be of service, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I'm looking for someplace to get British cuisine in the center of town.|Great, I have five options for you in the moderate to expensive range.
Oh, I really need something cheap.|I do not have anything in that price range for British. Another criteria perhaps?
Could you try an Italian place please?|I have 3 in that price range and area. May I recommend zizzi cambridge?
Yes, that would be great! Could you please book a table for 5 people at 16:45 on saturday?|Your table is reserved and your reference number is MGCSVPOM. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you. I also need a train from stansted airport to Cambridge that will arrive by 11:30.|There are six, which day would you like to travel?
Saturday. I would like to arrive by 11:30.|I have one leaving at 10:24 and arriving at 10:52. The rate is 8.08 pounds each. Would like me to make reservations for 6?
Yes please make a reservation for 5 people and give the phone number|I booked 5 tickets. There is no phone number, but the reference number is RGMOSM2H.
That is all I need, thank you for your help.|Happy to help. Have a great day.
I am looking for a train that will take me to Cambridge from Birmingham New Street.|there are so many. what time do you want to leave?
I need to leave after 17:00 on Thursday.|TR1765 leaves at 17:01. Would you like for me to book it?
Yes can you please and send me a reference number.|Sure, how many seats do you need?
I need seats for five people.|Yes yur booking is successful and your reference number is RI4VVZYC.
Thanks, I also need a place to dine that is moderately priced.|There are 31 moderately priced restaurants in town. Do you have a preferred location?
I would prefer it in the centre area.|Do you have a preference in food type?
Yes modern european food.|We have two choices, de luca cucina abd bar and roverside brasserie, any preferences?
No preference. Just book a table for 5 on Thursday at 20:15|I will go ahead and book that now.
Thanks! I need the reference number please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : 6KNJSQXY.
Perfect, that's all I need today. Have a great day.|Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
Have a nice day.|Enjoy your dinner.
I need a train going to cambridge.|Absolutely! What day and time would you like to leave?
On Thursday any time after 21:00.|Where will you be departing from?
I will departing from birmingham new street.|I would recommend TR7324 which leaves Birmingham New Street at 21:40 and arrives at Cambridge at 24:23.
Yes can you book that for 1 person?|Your booking for one ticket is complete. Your reference number is VEG5Q87Q and 75.09GBP will be due at the station.
I am also looking for a attraction called old schools.|Yes, Old Schools is located in the centre area, and has no entrance fee. Anything else I can assist you with?
Yes.  What is the phone number?|Their phone number is 01223332320. Do you need anything else?
Yes, what is their entrance fee and attraction type?  Thanks!|It is free to enter and type is architecture. May I help you with anything else?
No, you have been very helpful today, thank you.  I am all set.  Goodbye.|Thank you for using our service!
Can you help me find a concert hall?|There is one concert hall in town, The Man on the Moon, located at 2 norfolk street in the centre of town. Do you need more information?
I need a concerthall on the west area of town.|I am sorry I have only one listing for the city center. Would you consider other attractions?
Yes, I would consider a museum.|great, there are 7 museums in the west.
Can you make a recommendation and please provide the entrance fee, phone number, and postcode.|Cafe Jello Gallery Phone is o12233289438 and is on 13 Madalene treet
I am looking for a train departing from Leicester and going to Cambridge on Saturday.|There are many trains available for you. Do you have a departure or arrival time in mind? The trip will take 105 minutes.
The train should depart from leicester and should leave on saturday. The train should go to cambridge and should arrive by 10:15|Okay, the TR2969 leaves at 08:09 and arrives at 09:54. Would you like me to book tickets?
Yes, please for four people.  May I also get the reference number?|Okay, your booking was successful! Your reference number is 5FHHNO0K. The total fee is 120.06 and you can pay that at the station.
I am also in the market for a new restaurant. Is there something in the centre of town?|There are 69 restaurants in the centre. Can I narrow it down by price for you?
I'm independently wealthy and price doesn't matter, I am interested more in eritrean food, do you have any with that?|I'm sorry, there aren't any available. Would you like to try something else?
How about a place that serves British food?|There will serves nice British food. Its taste is good
Could you book it for me, for Saturday?|I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants serving British food in the centre of town.
Can you recommend an eritean or british restaurant in the centre area?|I recommend the oak bistro. It is a british restaurant in the centre.
That sounds like it will do. Can you reserve a table for the same group of people at 15:15 on the same day, please?|The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : QSNSUAGG. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Just double checking. The restaurant reservation is for Saturday at 15:15, correct?|That is correct for 4 people at the oak bistro.
Yes please if it's available.|The booking was successful.  The table well be held for 15 minutes.  Your reference number is QSNSUAGG.  Can I help with anything else today?
I think that is all I need for today. Thank you for all your help!|I'm glad we could help! Please contact us anytime. Good bye.
I have to get to cambridge from london kings cross for a family matter, can you help me book a train?|Yes, I can help. What day do you need to leave?
I would like to leave on Sunday.|Is there a certain time you want to leave after or arrive by?
I would like to leave after 17;15 on sunday.|TR1681 leaves at 19:17 and arrives 51 minutes later. How is that?
Perfect. I'll need 2 tickets.|I will book that for you now.
Great, can you give me the reference number. Also can you give me some information on emmanuel college please?|Your reference number is : TD9C5XQU.  What else can I do for you today?
Can you give me the phone number, entrance fee, and address of emmanuel college, please?|The phone number is 01223334200.  I can also tell you that there is no entrance fee and its located in centre on saint andrew's street.
I need some help locating a train for Saturday, heading to London King's Cross.|Where will you be departing from, and what time would you like to travel?
I'll be departing from Cambridge and would like to leave at 12:15.|There isn't a train that leaves at 12:15. The closest one leaves at 13:00 and arrives in London Kings Cross at 13:51. Shall I book it for you?
That would be perfect. Book it for 5 people please and send me the reference number.|Okay, the booking was successful, the total fee is 94.4 GBP payable at the station . Your reference number is : AJTE5TLW.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
I also need a cheap hotel.|What area would you like to stay in?
I would like to stay in the north please.|There are two guesthouses fulfilling your requirements. Do you prefer city centre north b and b with zero stars or worth house with 4 stars?
Um, I would prefer a hotel rather than a guesthouse. How about the moderate price range?|We have two hotels that meet your criteria. I'd recommend the Ashley Hotel. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes I would, for 5 people please for 2 nights starting on Thursday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : RF3EBI6I. Anything else I can help with?
That is all. Thanks so much!|thank you for using this service good bye
Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay while I'm in town.  Can you assist me?|what kind of place are you looking for? area?
I would like a hotel in the north that has free parking. It doesn't need to have internet.|Okay, I recommend the Acorn Guest House. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, please book the room and can I have the reference number|Booking for 1 night for 1 person from monday was successful. Your reference number is D3MYG9R0. Can I assist with anything else, restaurant, attractions?
I also need a Wednesday train to Cambridge.|I have found several trains to Cambridge. Where will you be departing from?
Actually I am departing from Cambridge and going to Leicester.|Is there a certain time you are wanting to leave?
I need it to arrive by 21:00.|15 trains match your needs. Do you want to complete a booking?
Yes. Please choose the first available train and book it for 6 people. Then give me the reference number|I was able to book train TR0677 and you reference number is 6VAA5F0P.
Thank you.  That is all I need for now.|Have a wonderful trip.
Yes I'm looking for a train to cambridge that leaves on monday, would you please help me with that?|I can help you with that! We have many options available on Monday, where are you travelling from?
I am travelling from Peterborough. I would also like to arrive by 15:00.|TR9063 arrives in Cambridge on Monday at 14:38, would you like to make a reservation?
Book it for 6 people.|I went ahead and booked that train. Your reference number is TQDMTW4Z. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a place to stay too.|Do you have an area, price range, or star rating in mind?
A FOUR STAR RATING,WITH A PRICE RANGE IN THE NEIGHBORHHOOD OF 1000 POUNDS. PLEASE I WOULD LIKE TO BE IN THE LONDON,ENGLAND AREA IF I MAY TO BE NEAR THE CLUBS.|Just for clarification would you like to be in the city centre?
Just as long as it is located in the south.|With a 4-star rating and located in the south, I have 2 options. Both are guesthouses. One is Aylesbray Lodge Guest House and the other is Rosa's Bed & Breakfast.
Either one works, I need to book for 6 people for 5 nights starting on monday.  I'll also need a reference number.|I was able to book you at Aylesbray Lodge Guest House for 5 nights starting Monday for 6 people.  Your reference number is ZJMOAB2L.
Thank you so much! Goodbye|Thank you for contacting us.  Have a good day. Good bye.
Hello, I am looking for a train from Peterborough to Cambridge please.|I am able to book you a train that's on that route but I need to know what day and time you need the train.
I need to travel on saturday and leave after 11:45|There are 25 trains that fit your needs. The earliest train leaves at 11:48 and arrives in Cambridge at 12:38. Would you like me to book you on this train?
Yes, please. I need 2 tickets please and the reference number.|Okay, great. Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 28VT1KZ3. You'll owe 26.4 which can be paid at the station.
Thanks.  I'm also looking for places to go in town.  Preferably a museum in the west.|sure, there are seven for you to choose from.
That's a lot of options.  Do any of the museums offer free admission?|All are free admission,except for Cambridge Folk Museum
What is the phone number and address for that place?|You can call them at 01223355159, and they are located at 2-3 castle street. Can I help with anything more today?
Thanks for all your help.  That will be all for today.|Great, thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Enjoy your trip, good day.
I need a train to Birmingham New Street that arrives by 8:00.|Where are you departing from?
I am leaving from cambridge on tuesday|Okay, I've got a training leaving at 5:01 and arriving by 07:44, will that be good?
Perfect. I'd like 8 tickets please.|Okay I have booked you 8 tickets on this train. Your reference number is E4459YTN. Is there anything else?
Okay. Thank you for your help. That is all I believe.|Sure.  Glad to have helped.
I need to take a train into Cambridge on Wednesday.|I found 202 trains that day, do you have a departure location you would like to start at?
I am leaving Birmingham New Street and would like to arrive by 17:15, can you book that for me?|No problem. How many seats would you like to book?
Make it for three people, and tell me the reference number.|I have booked your train tickets for 3 passengers. It is leaving Birmingham New Street at 10:40 and arrives in Cambridge at 13:23. Your reference number is OICBJMQ6. The total price is 225.3 GBP and will be payable at the station. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, can I get booking at the Alpha-Milton Guest House?|Of course, I will need to know when you are staying, how long, and how many will be in your party.
We'll need it for the same day, Wednesday, for the same 3 people. We'd like to stay for 5 nights.|I am very sorry I was unable to book for 5 nights at the alpha-milton guest house.  Would you like to try a shorter stay?
Ok, well how about 3 nights instead?|They did in have fact have rooms for 3 days. Your reference number is 54927PC2.
Great thank you. What is the address for the Alpha-Milton?|63 Milton Road.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, I believe that will be everything today.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a great day.
i need a train  from stansted airport  to cambridge|What day and approximately what time will you be traveling to Cambridge?
I need to get there by 20:30 on Wednesday.|You could grab the TR3828 leaving stansted airport it will get you there by 09:52.
Can you get me there a little bit earlier?|How about 05:24 that is the earliest, how many tickets please?
There will be 8 of us.|Okay, I have you booked for train TR5910. The total fee is 80.8 GDP.  Is there anything more I can do for you?
I also need a guesthouse for 8 and needs to be a 4 star|There are 5 different options that fit that criteria, 2 in the east, 2 in the north, and one in the city centre. Would you like to hear more about these?
Which of those have free wifi?|There are actually 18 different options to choose from. Is there a certain part of the city you'd like to stay in, or a particular price point?
Any price point is fine as long as it is 4 star and has free parking.|How about Allenbell?
Sure, Can I have a reference Number?|I need some more information first. What day will you be checking in on, and how many days will you be staying for? And how many people?
Actually, I change my mind. I will take care of the booking later. Thanks for your help. Goodbye.|Thank you contacting us, it was a pleasure to help. If you need any assistance feel free to contact us again, goodbye.
Hi, can you help me find a train on Monday, please?|Sure, where will you be departing from?
I'm departing from leicester.|There are many trains available on that day. At what time will you be traveling?
I will be leaving by 5:15.|what is your destination?
It should go to leicester|Did you mean departing from Leicester and going to Cambridge?  We do not have trains from Leicester to Leicester.
sorry, im going from cambridge to leicester|TR8631 will leave at 5:21 and arrive by 7:06. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please make a booking for 3 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 113.4 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : 60SBSNJP.
Thank you for your time and help, sorry for the confusion.  Have a great day !|have a great day too.
Have a nice day.|Thank you. You as well.
Can you suggest places to go in town centre? I'm interested in a college. Let me know the entrance fee and the phone number please.|I have the downing college located at regent street with free entrance fee.
Please get me their phone number|I have several available. How does Christ's college  on saint andrew's street with free entrance sound? Their phone number is 01223334900.
That is all.|Great. Glad I could be of help.
I'm looking for a train that arrives by 10:15 and departs from Ely|No problem! What day would you like to leave?
Tuesday, going to Cambridge please.|Any departure time in mind?
The train should leave on tuesday and should go to cambridge and arrive by 10:15|The TR8685 arrives by 5:52 and costs 4.40 pounds.  Can I book some seats for you?
Please for 8 people.|Your booking was successful. The total fee is 35.2 GBP pounds payable at the station and your reservation number is 1OBF5WF2
Great thank you I also am looking for some place to go in the centre of town.|The Broughton House Gallery is located at 98 King St and has free admission.
Thank you, that sounds fine. I see you have included the address and the entrance fee. That's all I need. Thanks very much.|You're welcome. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Are there any entertainment places in the east?|Yes! There are boats, museums, swimming pools, parks, sports, and more in the east. Do you have a preference?
No I don't have a preference.|Can I recommend camboats in the east?
Yes, that sounds like a great choice. Can you give me the phone number for them?|The phone number is 01223902112.
Great, thanks.  I am also looking for a train to Kings Lynn.  I can't leave till after 18:00 though.|Where will you be departing from?
From Cambridge.  I need to book for 7 people on that train.  I will also need the reference number.  Thanks a bunch!|What day did you want to travel on?
I would like to travel on Tuesday.|TR9452 leaves cambridge at 18:11 and arrives in kings lynn at 18:58. Will that work for you?
yes that's pretty good. Thanks!|You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I need you to book that train for 7 please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 68.6 GBP payable at the station.  Your reference number is : R5CBD0OD. Can I help with anything else today?
Great. You have been very helpful.  That is all I needed.  Thanks.  Bye.|Have a nice day, goodbye.
Can you find me a restaurant in the centre with moderate prices?|Yes there are 21 different places that match your description.
Surprise me.|How about cotto? It's a moderately priced british restaurant.
Yes please book a table for 7 people at 15:45 on monday|OK, you have a table for 7 at Cotto on Monday at 15:45. Your reference number is BNH1DKPW. Can I help with anything else today?
I am looking for a train to pick me up at Birmingham New Street and arrive in Cambridge before 12:00 on the day of my reservation.|I can book train TR6309 for you, leaving 8:40 and arriving at 11:23 in Cambridge. How many tickets do you need?
I will need 7 tickets. And can you please provide me with the reference number please?|i have booked you 7 tickets and the reference number is CGILQN2G. is there anything i can help you with?
Thank you. That is all for now.|Thank you for using our service. Have a wonderful day!
Yes. I'm looking for a train, please.|Of course. Where will you be departing from and arriving? When would you like to leave?
I need to leave from Cambridge on Sunday.|There are 202 trains leaving cambridge on sunday, do you have a destination or time?
Well, I'm thinking I need to leave sometime after 10:45 for Norwich.|There is a train leaving Cambridge for Norwich at 11:36 which arrives at 12:55. Shall I book it for you?
Yes, I'd like one ticket please.|Your booking was successful. The ticket fee is 14.08 pounds and is payable at the station. Your reference number is 23G7RUXL. May I assist you with anything else today?
Thank you very much.  I am all set.  Have a nice day.|You too.  Good bye.
I need a place to eat that serves sea food.|I have only one option that is in the expensive price range and in the center of town. It is called Loch Fyne. Would that interest you?
That works. Then I'd to book for seven people  at 11:00 on friday|Sounds Great! I will contact them about booking a reservation for seven people at 11:00 on Friday
Ok, could I get the reference number for that reservation please?|I'm very sorry there seems to be an error in our system.  There are no results for a seafood restaurant. Is there another type of cuisine you'd like?
Could you try the same requirement for Wednesday?|I was able to book you for a table for 7 on Wednesday at 11:00. The reference number is XBG9YHTB.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
I also need a train to London Kings Cross, on Thursday.|The TR8272 to London Kings Cross on Thursday leaves at 05:00 and arrives and 05:51.  The price is 23.60 pounds.  Is that a good train for you?
As long as it is departing from Cambridge and arriving before 14:00, I am good with that train.  I am needing to book for 7 people please.|I have you booked for 7 on TR8272. Your total fee is 165.2, payable at the station and your reference number is TMUT96XE. Can I further assist you?
no that's all thanks!|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
I'm looking for a hotel to stay at. I want it to be at least 2 stars and in the center of town.|I have a 3 star hotel and a 4 star hotel both in the centre. Would you like to book one of them?
Do you have anything that is 2 star rated in the centre?|we got none. can i help you with anything else?
That is all I need.|I am not finding a 2 star in the centre. Are you sure there is not another type of hotel you would like?
I need to book a train to cambridge on Monday.|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing out of Stevenage.|We have 10 different trains on that day. What time will you be departing or arriving?
I want to arrive by 16:45.|Okay TR8265 departs at 09:54. Would you like me to book that for you?
Sorry, I looked at the calendar. I need a Thursday train, not a Monday.  Can you please find a train on that day instead?|Okay, no problem.  The TR1163 train leaves at 05:54.  Will that work for you?
What time will the train arrive in Cambridge?|It arrives at 	06:43.
Ok please book that for 5 people.|I have made those reservations and your reference number is  9JXA0UWF.
Thank you. I am also looking for a museum to visit. Do you have any recommendations?|Broughton house gallery is a great place in the centre of town! The entrance fee is free! Would you like their information?
Yes, please give me the postcode, entrance fee and address.|They are at 98 King Street, postcode cb11ln, admission is free, any further questions today?
No thank you.|Can I look up anything else for you?
Nope, you have been extremely helpful.  Thanks again. Bye.|You are welcome.  Have a great time in Cambridge.  Bye.
I'm trying to find a train that departs from London Kings Cross on Thursday. Can you help me book a ticket?|Sure, are you coming to Cambridge? What time would you like to depart?
Any time that lets me arrive by 08:45.|The TR4016 from london kings cross to	cambridge, traveling on thursday, leaves at 07:17 and arrives at 8:08. Should I book it for you?
Yes can you please book that for 8 people and give me the reference number?|great, I was able to get your tickets. Reference number is FCRRA5HL and the tickets, 188.8 GBP are payable at the station, anything else?
Yes, have you heard of a restaurant called Curry King?|Yes, Curry King is an Indian restaurant in the centre. What more information would you like?
Can you book be there for 8 people at 18:30 on thursday?|I have your table reserved. The reference number is ZTVSJGBZ.
Thank you for reserving that for me. That's all I need today.|You're very welcome. Have a lovely day.
I need to book a train to travel to London Kings Cross leaving after 10:45.  Can you help me with this?|Sure! Where would you like to depart from?
I'll be leaving Cambridge on Wednesday.|There are trains leaving at the hour throughout the day and night. If can book one of those for you if you like.
I need to leave after 10:45.|I can book you on TR9781 leaving Cambridge at 11 on Wednesday.  How many tickets should I reserve?
Can you book me 6 tickets please? I will also need the reference number too.|I've reserved six tickets for you. Your reference number is X1C6NI79.
No, that will be everything. Thanks for your help.|You're welcome, enjoy your trip.
I would like to stay at a guesthouse while I'm in cambridge. It doesn't need to have internet.|I'd recommend alpha-milton guest house in the north. It's a moderately priced three star hotel. Would you like a room?
No thanks - not yet.  Does it have free parking?|Unfortunately it does not have free parking. What price range do you have in mind? I can find you one that does have parking
I don't have any price range in mind, I just want a guesthouse with free parking on the north side|I would then recommend the acorn guest house, a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse located at 154 chesterton road. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, I do need to book a room.|How many people will be joining you, if any?
Actually, I'll book later. Can you help me find a train though?|Where do you want to travel to and from?
should depart from cambridge and should arrive by 11:15. I am going to stevenage|What day would you like to leave Cambridge?
I'll be leaving on Sunday.|The TR5390 would be great, do you need a booking?
Yes please book it for 1 ticket. I'll also need a reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.24 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : HBX3KMT9.
Thanks so much! Could I get the phone number for the Acorn Guesthouse?|their phone number is 01223353888. would you like me to book it for you?
No, thank you. I'd just like to have the information for now.|Okay thank you so much for the help.
That is all I need.|Hope you have a wonderful stay!
I am looking for information in Cambridge|OK, how can I help you?
I need a train to Cambridge leaving after 13:45.|The earliest Train leaving to cambridge is on friday at 15:17, this train will be leaving from london kings cross. Is this okay?
Not at all. I need a train departing from Peterborough to Cambridge.|TR2521 leaves at 13:48 would that work for you?
Is that train running on Sunday? I need to travel from Peterborough to Cambridge on Sunday.|The TR9407 leaves on Sunday. It travels from Peterborough to Cambridge. It departs at 13:48. Will this work for you?
Yes. I need to book that for 7 people and I need the reference number.|Great! Your reference number for TR7864 leaving Peterborough at 14:19 and arriving in Cambridge at 15:09 on Sunday for 7 people is confirmed. The total will be 92.4 GBP, payable at the station, and your reference number is PXS0GH2C. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I also need a cheap guest house. It should be 4 stars in any area.|we have quite a few when were you planning your stay
Sunday, 2 nights. 7 people.|I would recommend the Leverton house in the east then. What day are you arriving?
It will be on Sunday.|Can I give you more information about Leverton House? Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes please, can I also have the reference number?|Your all set! Ref # is 6C507J4U.
Great, thank you! Have a great day. Goodbye.|You're welcome.  I hope you have a great day.
I am looking to find a train. It needs to go to Cambridge and it has to leave on Monday.|I have 202 trains travelling to Cambridge on Monday, could you be more specific on when you'd like to depart and from where?
I'd like to depart from Stevenage after 19:45.|I have one train departing at 19:54, one at 21:54, and the last one at 23:54. Will any of those work?
Yes, 19:54 will be fine. I'd like tickets for 5 people.|Congratulations! Your booking was successful with a reference number of DMEL46A6 and a fee of 64 GBP. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all.  Thank you.|You're welcome. Enjoy your day.
I just need a little help booking a train from cambridge.|Where are you traveling to?
To Bishops Stortford I need to arrive by 12:45 on Tuesday.|What time do you need to depart and on what day?
I don't care what time I depart as long as I can arrive by 12:45 on Tuesday.|Alright perfect! How many people will need tickets?
I will need 4 tickets please.|Your reference number is SIRFMX3O. May I help you with anything else today?
Can you find a hotel for me called Alexander Bed and breakfast?|That's a 4-star guesthouse in the city centre.  They offer free wifi and parking.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please, for 4 people, for 3 nights, starting Saturday.|Great! The reference number is ZFGSW8HU, do you need help with anything else?
Nope, That's all I need. Thank you.|You're very welcome. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo. Goodbye.
I'm looking for information on the Autumn House. Can you help me out?|Autumn House is a cheap guesthouse with a 4 star rating on the east side of town. Do you need additional information or want to book a room?
Can you give me the address please?|They are located at 710 newmarket road
Great, thanks. Now could you also help me find a train?|i will be glad to help. when do you want to travel?
I want to leave on Friday after 10:15.|And what are your departure and arrival stations?
I'd like to depart from Peterborough. I'm heading to Cambridge. I'll need to book for 8 people.|I've made reservations on TR6932 and your reference number is C8XK2EPK.
thanks for all of your help|Thank you for using this service
I am looking for information in Cambridge|I can help you find a hotel that you might like.
Thanks, I'm looking for something in the east and have 4 stars.|There are several guesthouses in that area. Is there a price range you would prefer, or maybe free wifi or parking?
Actually, I would prefer a hotel rather than a guest house.|There are no hotels in that area, just guesthouses. Would you like me to try a different area?
No, I guess a guesthouse will be fine. Can you book a room for me for Thursday?|Will the Carolina bed and breakfast be alright?
Yes, sounds perfect. I want to book it for 4 nights. There will be 8 people and we will be arriving on Thursday.|Okay, great. The booking was successful! The reference number is LG0RKIGF. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
i am  also looking for a train. The train should depart from ely and should go to cambridge.|I'll need to get some additional information from you to narrow down the results. What day do you want to travel and what time do you want to leave?
I wasn't to arrive by 15:45.|Train leaves at 5:35 and cost 4.40 pounds
I'm traveling to cambridge and I need a train that leaves on friday.|Where will you be coming from, and what time would you like to depart from there?
I'd like to get on the train at London Kings Cross and arrive in Cambridge by 15:15.|TR4748 leaves Kings Cross at 13:17 and arrives at 14:08.  Will that work?
That sounds perfect!  Can I purchase 3 tickets on that train, please?|Ok, 3 tickets are booked! Your reference number is BDJACGOT. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I would also like a place to eat near the centre area.  Can you assist me with that?|of course! i have many options for you in that area.
What I'd really like is Spanish food. What are my choices?|There are two different place: La Tasca and La Raza.  La Tasca is moderately price and La Raza is cheap.
La Raza sounds great.  Can I book a table for 3 on Friday at 19:15?|It is booked! Your reference number is: KDXKRQCD. Can I help with anything else?
No that's it! Thank you for your help!|Glad to have been of assistance. Thank you for using our service, have a great day!
I am looking for places to go in town in the north.|There are 4 attractions in the north. Do you want to specify an attraction type?
No I don't care.|Would you prefer to go boating, swimming, or to visit a park?
Uh, let's set it up for a park visit. I'll need the address and is there an entrance fee?|The address is milton country park, milton. Entrance is free!
Thanks, that's great! I'm also looking for a train on Thursday from Kings Lynn.|That would be to cambridge correct? I have 19 for that day. Did you have a certain time you wished to leave or arrive?
Yes correct to cambridge, and I would like to arrive by 20:45.|The latest train that leaves at 19:11 and arrives at 19:58 for 9.80 pounds. Would you like to book it?
That should work for us, I will need tickets for 7 please and the reference number.|The booking was successful. The total fee is 68.6 GBP and your reference number is 8TU1PRQV. Can I help you with anything else?
Nope, that's all, thanks. You've been most helpful today. Most helpful, indeed.|Happy to be of service. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
Yes I'm looking for a place to stay in the centre.|Do you know if you want a guesthouse or hotel?
I prefer a guesthouse.|There are two guestshouses available. I would recommend alexander bed and breakfast!
Awesome. That's all I needed.|If I can help you with any other information. Please let me know?
Actually, can you give me the postcode for that B and B?|Yes, the postcode is cb12de.  Would you like to book it?
Hmm, not right now. I'm also looking for a train to Cambridge on Monday. Can you help?|I sure can. There are many trains available that day. Can I get your point of departure please?
I am leaving from Leicester after 12:45.|The train leaving closest to your departure time is at 13:09.  The cost is 37.80 pounds and it will arrive by 14:54.  Shall I book a ticket for you?
Please.  I need a reservation for 5 people and would like a confirmation number.|Your tickets have been reserved and the total price is 189 pounds. Reference number is SPYIC5K8. Do you need help with anything else?
Thank you so much for all your help today.|Is there anything else I may help you with?
Thank you, I think that will be all for today!|It was a pleasure to assist you. Thanks for using our service. Goodbye.
Can you locate a train departing from Cambridge on Friday? Thanks!|Yes, of course. There are multiple trains departing from Cambridge on Friday. Do you have a destination in mind?
Yes, I'd like to go to peterborough and should leave afer 20:00.|I have a train leaving at 20:34 would that be okay?
That would be great.  Can you book 5 seats for me please?  What is the reference number.  Thank you.|Your booking was successful.  Your reference number is MUF6GL55.
I am also looking for a cinema in the centre.|Vue Cinema is in the center of town, at The Grafton Centre, East Road.
Could you give me the entrance fee and phone number?|The entrance fee is not listed but the phone number is 08712240240. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great that was all I needed thanks for your help today.|You are welcome. Enjoy Cambridge.  Bye.
I need a theatre in the centre of town.|I found four theaters. Would you like to try the ADC Theatre?
That sounds good, I need the postcode and the entrance fee as well please.|The postcode is cb58as. Unfortunately, the entrance fee is unknown. Would you like the phone number so you can call them to ask?
Sure, I also need a train that leaves from Cambridge and arrives by 16:45.|Adc theatre's phone is 01223300085. There are 819 trains departing cambridge. Could you be more specific on your destination and what day you'd like to leave on?
I would like to travel to Leicester on Sunday.  Can you arrange this trip?|I found one that leaves at 05:21 would that work for you?
Well, I need to arrive by 16:45, and want to depart from Cambridge.  Does that one match my request?|Yes it does, it's train TR2025 if you'd like to book.
Yes please book that for 2 people.|Sure, your reference number is LGM5AGUR. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, I think that covers it all, thanks for your help.|Of course, have a great day.
I can't seem to find any information about the cambridge and county folk museum, please help.|sure their phone number is 01223355159. anything else you'd like to know?
Can I get the address and what type of attraction it is?|2-3 castle street and its a museum,
Okay, great. I'm also looking for a train. I need to depart from Cambridge after 17:30.|Okay, what day would you like to travel?
I'll be leaving on Tuesday and going to Peterborough.|TR9561 departs at 17:34. Does that work for you?
yeah can you get me a ticket?|Booking was successful, reference number is 5OUM8ZE9. The fee is 16.5 GBP payable at the station. Is there anything else I can help you with a restaurant maybe?
No.  That's it for now. Thanks!|You're welcome.  Have a nice stay in Cambridge.  Goodbye.
i am looking for a restaurant that serves african food and is moderately priced|I'm sorry, but I'm not finding any moderately-priced African restaurants. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Sure, can we try gastropub food?|The Cow Pizza Kitchen and bar is in the centre. Would you like their information?
Yes please.  But you can go ahead at book it for 3 people at 17:30 on Thursday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Would you like the reference number?
Yes please, give me the reference number|Your reference number is : 5P3MS6PK.  Do you need any further assistance today?
I'll also need a train from Cambridge.|What is your destination?
I want to get to London Kings Crossing.|I have all of the available trains on that route this week listed, any preference on date and time?
I need to leave Sunday after 16:15.|TR3353 leaves at 17:00
can you book me 3 tickets please?|The total for 3 tickets is 56.64 GBP, which you can pay at the station. Your Reference number is : 8YCZ9HSM.
Thank you for all your help.|Was that all you needed?
Yes, that's all. Thank you.|You are very welcome. Have a great day.
Can you help me find a place to stay that is expensive and includes free parking?|Absolutely, what area were you wanting to stay in?
Area doesn't really matter, but I would like a 3-star place with internet.|There are two hotels that meet your preferences. I suggest the Gonville Hotel as it's in the city centre.
Could you give me the address, please?|They are located at gonville place.  Would you like to book a room there?
Nah, not right now. I do need info on a train though. What's the schedule like on Sunday trains leaving cambridge?|I'll be happy to help you with that. Where would you like to travel to?
How about a train that will arrive by 12:15 heading to london liverpool street?|Train TR0995 arrives by 11:27. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes, that sounds perfect. Can you make me a booking for 1 person please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 13.28 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 39JEV1T5.
Excellent, thank you!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for your help.|You are welcome. Let us know if you need anymore assistance.
I am looking for someplace to go and it needs to be a swimming pool|Okay. There are four swimming pools in town: one in the east, two in the north, and one in the centre. Do you have a preference?
Not really. Can you tell me about what's available?|Yes, abbey pool and astroturk pitch is in the east, jesus green outdoor pool and kings hedges learner pool are in the north, and parkside pools is in the centre.
I also need a train to cambridge on sunday|I can absolutely help you with that.  So that I can find you the best option, can you tell me where you will be departing from?
I am departing from birmingham new street. Oh, I also need the address for the swimmingpool. You mentioned parkside pools in the centre. Their address?|Parkside Pools' is located on Gonville Place, postcode cb11ly. Now for your train. What time would you like to depart or arrive by?
I would like to leave after 18:00|There is a train on sunday at 7:40pm. Would you like me to book it?
Is that departing from Birmingham New Street to Cambridge on Sunday? If so then yes book that for two tickets and I need the reference number as well.|Yes, all the information you stated was correct. I was able to book you 2 tickets. Your reference number is CAMPLIZO. The total free is 120.16 GBP due at the station.
Excellent, thanks for your help!|You're very welcome! Is there anything else you need help with today?
No that is all. Good bye!|Thank you have a great day
I would like to find a nice attraction to visit in the centre of town.|I would be happy to help you find a great attraction to visit!  What kind of attraction are you interested in visiting?
I have no preference.  Can you make a recommendation and provide the address, entrance fee, and postcode?|How about the Broughton House Gallery? There is no entrance fee.
whats its postcode and address? i would also like to get a train that leaves friday from kings lynn|The address is 98 King Street and the postcode is cb11ln. What is your destination on Friday?
I'll be heading to Cambridge, but I can't leave until sometime after 21:15, please.|There are two trains meeting your needs. The earlier train leaves at 22:11 and the later train at 23:11. The ride takes 47 minutes. Which do you want me to book?
Can you get me one ticket on the 22:11 train?|I managed to book you on that train. The total fee is 9.8 GBP and the reference number is 9M753T1T.
Great, thanks! I think that's all I needed.|You're welcome.
Do you have information on Taj Tandoori?|This is an a restaurant that serves India food located in the southern area. You can call them on 01223412299. Their address is 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton.
Cool, can you book a table for 5 people at 14:00 on Sunday?|I'm sorry, but there are no spaces for that time slot. Would you like to try another?
How about 13:00?  If this is available please provide the reference number.|Certainly. You're booked at 13:00 with reference number G4NWNDB5. May I help with anything else?
Yes, I also need a train to London Liverpool Street after 15:15.|What day were you looking to travel?
I'd like to travel on Monday, please, departing from Cambridge by the way.|I have a Tr3602, leaving at 15:59 and arriving at 17:27. Would you like me to book a seat?
Yes, could you book it for 5 people and provide the reference number.|Okay, i have booked a train for 5 people leaving at 15:59. Your reference number is RS2532561.
Thank you so  much, that is everything that I need.|Great. Have a nice time, and thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I will be flying into Stanstead airport on Wednesday and need to connect with a train to cambridge from there, can you help me?|Sure, what time are you looking for?
I'd like to leave after 13:30.|There is a train from Stansted Airport to Cambridge on Wednesday at 14:24. The trip will take 28 minutes and cost 10.10 pounds. Do you want to book now?
Yes please get me 8 tickets.|I have booked 8 tickets. The total for that is 80.8 GBP and is payable at the station. Your confirmation code is C7D09SVQ.
Thank you. Can you also help me find a museum to visit?|In what area would you like the museum to be?
In the west please, I am open to suggestions just let me know what the postcode, entrance fee a number are.|I would suggest Kettle's Yard. They are on Castle Street in the west. They offer free entrance. Their address is 23 High Street, Fen Ditton. Their phone number is 01223748100.
Kettle's Yard sounds great. May I have the postcode please?|Sure.  The postcode is CB30AQ.  It is free to enter.   Would you like further information?
No, that should be all I need. Thank you so much!|Thank you enjoy your day.
Please help me identify places to go in the centre of town that are entertainment attractions.|There are no matching records for entertainment in the centre of town. Would you like to change your criteria?
How about a boating place then?|There are two boating places, Scudamores punting co and The Cambridge Punter, which would you like?
Either one, i just need the address and postcode.|The address and post code is different for each which one would you like please?
Ok, how about Scudamores Punting Company then.|Alright, the address and postcode for Scudamores Punting Co. is Granta Place, Mill Lane, postcode cb21rs.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need train tickets.|I can help with that. What day will you be traveling and where are you departing from?
Leaving on Monday from Cambridge.|What is your destination?
I've like to go to birmingham new street.|What time would you like to leave and arrive by?
i need to leave after 19:15|TR2850 leaves at 20:01. Would you like me to book a ticket?
Please book for 8 tickets.|i have booked those for you. your reference number is 2hf8aktq.
Thank you so much for your help!|Is there anything else you need?
No thank you! That will be all. Bye!|Ok! Have a great day!
Yes, I'm looking for hotels in the north area.|There are 13 hotels north of cambridge. What price range would you prefer? Do you require internet or parking?
I don't care about price range or parking, but I do require free WiFi.|Would you like me to book you a room at the Avalon on 62 Gilbert Road?
I need it to be a hotel, not a guesthouse.|How about the ashley hotel, it is in the north with a 2 star rating with free parking and internet. Would you like to reserve a room?
Not now. I would like to get the postcode, please.|Certainly, the postcode for the Ashley Hotel is cb41er. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you. I also need to find a train departing from Leicester.|I can certainly help you with that! Can I assume you're coming from Leicester to fair Cambridge? What day and time would you like to travel?
Yes, you're right. I need to leave on Monday, and I need to arrive by 18:15.|I found TR3173 leaving at 5:09 would that work?
Can it get there by 18:15? And can you get tickets for two?|Your arrival time would be 06:54 would you like for me to find another train for you?
Yes, please. I'd rather not be that early.|Certainly! TR2985 will depart Leicester at 16:09 and arrive in Cambridge at 17:54. That one sounds like it's better for your time frame.
Great, if you could book that one for 2 people and provide me with the reference number, I would appreciate it.|Sure, I have booked the train for  people on monday on TR2985, your reference number is 730ZJ7M6. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
There is not. Thank you so much!|You're welcome and have a wonderful trip!
Hi, I'm looking for places to visit. Mainly in the western part.|I would be happy to help you with that!  We have colleges, museums, and entertainment attractions in that area.  Which would you like to visit?
I think I'd like to visit an entertainment attraction.  Do they have entrance fees?|Whale of a Time is the only attraction I see for that area.  There is no entrance fee listed, but the phone is 01954781018.
I'm also looking for a train that departs from cambridge and leave on Monday.|There are a number of trains leaving from Cambridge on Monday, is there a specific destination and time you'd like to leave?
I'd like to arrive at Leicester by 17:45.  And what was that postcode for Whale of a Time again?|TR5465 arrives Leicester at 17:06. Would that work for you? And the postcode for Whale of a time is cb238el.
Yes, I would like to make a booking for 8 people.|Okay your booking was a success and your reference number is L1ZY1OJE, is there anything else you need today?
Just want to make sure, that reference number is for the train, TR5465?|That is correct. It departs cambridge at 15:21 and arrices in leicester at 17:06 on Monday.
postcode, phone number, and area|I do not have the postcode, phone number, and area for the train station. May I help you with anything else?
Thank you for all your help. You have a great day.|You have a wonderful day yourself!
i am  looking for information in Cambridge.|What area are you wanting to stay?
I am actually looking for a train to Stansted Airport.|Can you please tell me where you will be departing from and what time and day?
I'll be flying out of the country from stansted airport on Tuesday. I need to get there at least by 13:30|TR7293 will arrive there at 12:08.
Great. I also need a place to stay that is a cheap guesthouse.|There's the allenbell, that's located in the east side of town at 517a coldham lane.
Please reserve a room for 1.|On what day would you like to arrive?
Friday, 4 nights. Reference number please.|Your reference number is 9IQ2K2DW.
Thank you so much, that's all. Goodbye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I am looking for an Italian restaurant in the east.|Pizza hut fen ditton matches your description.
Uh, no pizza hut's please. Something more classy please.|Unfortunately, there are no other Italian restaurants in the east. Would you like me to find you one in another area?
Is the pizza hut in the moderate price range?|Yes, it is. Should I book it for you?
I guess it'll have to do. Can you book us a table for 2 on Wednesday at 14:00 please?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : H4BTTI6P.
Thanks so much! Can you help me with train tickets too?|Absolutely!  To start, let me get more details.  What are your desired departure and arrival cities?
The train should go to cambridge and should depart from leicester.|It looks like there are hourly trains starting at 5:09. Did you have a particular day and time in mind?
Yes, I'd like to book the train for Wednesday and I want to arrive in Cambridge by 08:30.|Will you train arriving at 07:54 work ok for you?
Yes I need it booked for 2 people please.|I've successfully booked 2 tickets for you, the reference number is 9FE8N16G.
Thanks for the help.|Have a great day!
Yes, I am looking for information.  Can you help me find a train?|Where would you like to go to?
I need to head to Cambridge from Leicester please.|I have 133 trains that leave Leicester to Cambridge. Can you tell me the day and time you would like to travel?
I need one that leaves after 20:00.|Train 6383 leaves at 20:09 and arrives at 21:54.  Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes for 3 people please, and do you mind providing me the reference number?|I have made those reservations and your reference number is BW9QJDNO.
I also need information on cambridge book and print gallery.|Cambridge Book and Print Gallery is a museum located in the west at 49 Newnham Road at postcode cb39ey. It is free and their phone number is 01223594264.
What area of town is that in?|They are located in the west part of town. Any other info I can provide?
Nope, that's all I need today. Thanks for all your help!|You are welcome.  Safe travels!
Have a nice day. Bye.|Thanks and have a great trip!
I am trip in Cambridge looking for a restaurant.|What kind of restaurant?
I'm in the mood for Spanish food. Are there any on the east side of town that are in the moderate price range?|There are no spanish restaurants in the east, but there's one in the centre called La Tasca. Would you like more information?
No, I really want to stay in the east. How about an Italian restaurant?|there are 15 in that side. what is your price range?
It should be moderately priced.|Great news.  The Pizza Hut Fen Ditton is in the moderate price range in the east.  Would you like me to book you a reservation?
book a table for 7 people at 15:45 on monday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : WS8I58FS. Can I help with anything else?
That is all I need.|Great.  Have a good day.
I will also need a train that will leave Cambridge after 2:00 pm to Ely on Tuesday|TR1534 leaves at 05:50 and arrives at 06:07.  Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|I sure can.  Your reference number is DX6XOLRA.
Thank you so much. What about helping me look for an attraction?|Sure! What kind of attraction would you like to visit?
I would like something fun.|I'm sure I can find something for you.  Is there a specific area you'd like me to look in?
Let's forget about the attraction for now.  Can you help me with a train?|You need a train in addition to the one we have already booked for you?
No, thanks I'll take the train that is already booked.|Is there anything else that you need?
Yes, lets look for that attraction. I would like for it to be in the same area as the restaurant.|Okay, so you'd like an attraction in the east. Did you have anything in particular in mind?
You know, I've changed my mind. I don't need anything else today. Thanks very much for your help.|Sure. If we can be of further assistance, please reach out to us again. It's been a pleasure helping you today. Good-bye.
I need a train departing Cambridge and I need it to arrive by 21:00|Where are you headed to? And what day are you traveling?
Looking to go to Stansted Airport on Sunday|I have TR5009 leaving at 18:40 and arriving by 19:08.  Would you like me to book this for you?
book for one person please.|I was able to book that ticket for you. Your reference number is 642J5XG0. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Can you give me information about the riverboat georgina?|The riverboat georgina is currently docked on the Northend at Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House, postcode cb43ax. Their phone is: 01223902091. I have no info on their entrance fee. Anything else?
No, thanks. You answered all my questions. Thanks so much. Have a good day. Goodbye.|Have a good day.
Hello. I need help planning a train trip.|I'd be happy to help. Are you departing from a specific station, or do you have a specific destination in mind?
I'd like to leave from London and travel to Cambridge on Saturday around 15:00|Would you like to depart from London Kings Cross or London Liverpool Street?
I would like to depart from Cambridge.|Please state your departure location and your destination. Also, is 15:00 the time you want to leave or to arrive?
I am leaving from cambridge going to broxbourne and want to arrive by 8:30.|How about TR8674? It leaves at 05:01.
As long as it arrives by 8:30 that sounds good. I'll need 7 seats please.|It does and I have booked 7 seats for you.  Anything else?
Reference number please?|Sure, the reference number is VATL0RJL. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thank you.|You are welcome. Thank you for TownInfo centre for your traveling needs. Goodbye.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|Sure, I can help you get here.  Where will you be leaving from?
I will be coming in from Ely on Tuesday.|I can help you with that. Do you have a certain departure or arrival time?
I need to arrive by 8:30|Okay the TR6971 leaves at 07:35. Does this work?
What time does it arrive?|It arrives at 07:52. Would you like to book tickets?
Ok, great. Then it will get me there in time. Can you book me 8 tickets please?|I have booked your train for 8 and a cost of 35.2 GBP. Your reference number is 53GSF184. Can I help you with anything else?
Great I also am looking for some info on a place called sidney sussex college|I can help with that. Sidney Sussex College is a college in the centre. Do you need any other information?
Thank you! Can you please tell me the phone number, entrance fee, and address?|the phone number is 01223338800 and address is Sidney street
thanks. that will be it for now|Glad to have been of help. Please reach out again if you need anything else. Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I am going to cambridge and need a place to stay.|I'd be happy to help you find something. Is there an area you prefer? And do you want a hotel or guesthouse?
I definitely want both a guesthouse and the centre of town.|I would recommend el shaddai. Would you like a reservation?
Is it in the moderate price range? If so, yes.|It is not in the moderate price range, would you like to try another area or a different price range perhaps?
I would like to try another price range, only in the moderate range. I would like to stay in the city centre.|I'm sorry there are no moderate guesthouses in the centre, maybe another area perhaps?
Are there any cheap guesthouses in the centre of town?|Yes, I've located Alexander Bed and Breakfast that is a 4 star and El Shaddai that is a 0 star. Do you have a preference?
no preference I also need a reference number.|What day would you like to stay and how many people will be staying?
There will be 2 people and we will arrive on Monday.|And for how many days?
I'm sorry, 5 nights please.|Good News! I got the Alexander Bed and Breakfast in 56 saint barnabas road cb12de, phone number 01223525725. The reference # is 3MWI64S9.
Great. I also need a train leaving on Saturday.|Please give me your departure site and your destination station.
The train should leave after 10:00 and should go to stevenage, leaving from cambridge.|There are 7 trains that fit your criteria. The first one after 10 is the TR8377, leaving Cambridge 11:21, arriving Stevenage 12:10. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes, that will work!  I need the reference number please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.24 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : Y5AV9STN.
Thank you so much! That's all I needed. Have a great day!|Have a nice day then, and goodbye.
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the moderate price range|I have three moderately priced hotels.  Do you need internet and/or parking?
I would like a guest house, with free parking.|Does it matter what side of town it is on?
No it doesn't.|Ok how about acorn guest house. They are moderately priced and have 4 stars. How many rooms and how long is your stay going to be?
1 room, and I'll need it for 2 nights starting Friday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : B823WKVK.
I am also looking for a train on the same day to Cambridge|Train TR5686 leaves london kings cross. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, and Thank you kind person for helping me!|Booking was successful, the total fee is 23.6 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is S5436QTX. Can I help you with anything else?
No that's everything.  You've been great thanks.|If everything is fine. Then I hope you have a wonderful day.
Thank you goodbye.|You're welcome. It's really my pleasure.
I am looking to visit some places of interest while I am in Cambridge. Perhaps some colleges?|There are 18 colleges that match. Do youhave any preferences in terms of locations?
Yes, I'd like more information on one in the centre area please.|There are many options. May I suggest Christ's College?
That sounds good. May I have the postcode, phone number and address.|Christ's college is at saint andrew's street, no fee, phone number 0122333490, postcode cb23bu.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Hi, are there any modern global restaurants in the centre?|It looks like there are none. Is there another area or type of food you'd like to look for?
I would like to look for one that serves modern european food please.|I have 4 modern european restaurants in the center of town. I recommend the Riverside Brasserie.
What is the postcode of that resturant?|The phone number for Riverside Brasserie is 01223259988. Can I help you with anything else?
I was wondering the price range of the riverside brasserie.|The Riverside Brasserie is moderately priced.
Thanks. Could you check on a train for me from london kings cross?|Sure, when would you like to leave by?
I would like to leave after 11:15 on a Tuesday.|TR7850 leaves at 11:17, can  book some seats for you?  Also, the postcode for Riverside Brasserie is cb21rt.  I had forgotten to give you that information.
Yes I'd like to book that train for 5 and I'd like the reference number as well please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 118 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 1JO707L5. Will you need anything else?
I think that will be all for today. Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a great trip!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|Great. Are you looking for a train, hotel or attractions to visit while in Cambridge?
I need a train that leaves Cambridge on Wednesday to arrive in Leicester by 12:15 please.|the TR9366 train arrives at 12:06.
book for 5 people and get me the reference number|Congratulations, you are all booked! The total fee is 189 GBP payable at the station.Your reference number is : RR4BSBW5. Is there anything else I can do?
I need to find a place to stay that has 4 stars and has free wifi|What is your price range?
It should be expensive and a guesthouse.|Sorry there is no guesthouse fitting the description you asked for
Could you try the moderate price range to see if there are any available?|Yes there are 11. I recommend the Acorn Guest House. Would you like a reservation?
Sure, for 5 people for four nights starting Wednesday.|Okay I have booked that and your reference number is HUH8HH95.
Thank you for your help.|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thank you, I appreciate your help today.|Your welcome, have a great day!
I am  looking for a train.|Alright. Where are you headed?
I'm head to Leicester from Cambridge on Saturday.|What time are you planning to leave?
Anytime after 8:45.|TR3371 leaves at 09:21 and arrives at 11:06. It is 30.24 pounds. Would you be interested in that?
I meant to say I want to leave after 20:45.|Great, I have TR9209 that meets your criteria  and is 30.24 pounds. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, please. I booking for one person.|Pardon me, did you say you are traveling on Saturday or Sunday?
I am traveling on Saturday.|Okay, I have TR7610 that leaves at 21:21. The price is 30.24 pounds. Would you like me to book it?
Yes please, for one person.|Okay, booking was successful. Your reference number is MHMRVMR4. Anything else?
Nope, that's all. Thanks!|you are welcome, enjoy yourself.
I need a train that gets me where I'm going by 4:15 PM.|I have no doubt we'll find one. Where are you going, and when?
I'm going from cambridge to kings lynn and want to arrive by 16:15|On what time will you be travelling?
Again, I want to arrive by 16:15.|And on which day?
on saturday. book for 3 people|Okay, your booking was successful. The total fee of 23.52 GBP is payable at the station. Your reference number is CCTLXM29.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a place to stay|We have a number of hotels and guesthouses. What area and price range are you looking to book a room?
I would like a hotel in the west. Free parking and wifi are a must.|There are four hotel available.
I'd like a hotel with free parking and also free wifi.|There are four hotels that meet your criteria. Two are cheap, one moderate, and one expensive. Are you wanting to book one of those?
Any of those is fine, I just need the phone number, price range and postcode.|Hobsons house is moderately priced and can be reached at 01223304906. Their postcode is cb39lh. Will that be all?
That is all that I need today, thank you.|Have a great time.
I am looking for a train.  The train should leave on monday and should go to birmingham new street|What is your departure time and location?
Leaving Cambridge going to Birmingham New Street on Monday any time after 15:15.|There are several trains available. Are you able to provide a specific time?
No, the first train after 15:15 will work. I need to book the trip for 8 people, and please include my reference number.|Train TR7900 leaves cambridge for birmingham new street monday at 16:01. Your reference number is OCF8O3GJ.
Can you help me find a theatre in the centre of town?|Sure, there is cambridge arts theatre, it is located at 6 saint edward's passage. There are 3 others if you would like information on them as well.
Sure. Can you give me the names and addresses of the other 3 as well?|cambridge arts theatre is at 6 saint edward's passage, mumford theatre is at anglia ruskin enterprise, east road; and the cambridge corn exchange is at wheeler street.
Ok, great. That's all I needed. Thank you for all of your help!|Have a great day!
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves european food while I'm in Cambridge.|Darry's Cookhouse and Wine Shop is located at 40270 King Street at the City Centre. Would you like their phone number?
Yes, please, and their postcode as well.|Phone is 01223505015 and postcode cb11ln.  Would you like me to get you a table?
No. But I need a train going to Ely.|Where are you travelling from and what time?
I am departing from cambridge on monday and I need to arrive to Ely by 11:15.|I have 3 trains available leaving at 06:07, 08:07, and 10:07.  What time would you like to leave?
You choose one please. I need it for 4 people.|I booked you on TR8399 arriving at 10:07. Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : AVBKNMXQ.
Thank you very much.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's all. Thanks so much!|You are welcome.  Enjoy your stay.
What restaurants in the centre are cheap?|I have 15 possible ones to choose from. Could I ask what type of food you are looking for?
Sure. I'd like modern eclectic food please.|Unfortunately, no results came from your search. Would you like to broaden it?
Ok, how about Indian food then?|I found three cheap indian places in the centre.  Would you like to book at the Gandhi?
Yes please.  Can I also get the phone number and the postcode of the Gandhi?|Sure no problem. The Gandhi phone number is: 01223353942 and the postcode is cb12as. Would you like me to book that for you?
I don't know, but I am also looking for a train from Kings Lynn to Cambridge.|I'm sorry, there seems to be an error in my system. Can you please restate your train requirements?
I am looking for a train to take me from Cambridge to Kings Lynn. I need the train to leave on Thursday and arrive by 20:45|Booking was successful, the total fee is 9.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : IS961RCU. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, please make sure the booking is for 3 people.|Great I have booked three people on that train. Your reference number is K6C628QH.
Thanks.  That's all I needed.|have a great day!
I would like to go and visit Leicester. Do you think you can help me find a train to get me there?|Sure! There are plenty of trains going to Leicester. What city will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from cambridge.|Perfect. What day would you like to travel on? Do you need to depart or arrive by a certain time?
I will be traveling on Sunday and would like to arrive by 08:30 please.|The first train leaves at 06:21 and arrives at 08:06. How many tickets would you like please?
I need it for eight people, please.|Great! You're booked on TR9187 with reference number MJJ7J6CV. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes! I also need to find an expensive guesthouse in the north. It should have plenty of free parking for my fancy car.|I am sorry, there are no expensive guest houses in the north with free parking.  Would you like to try another area?
Then how about one that is in the cheap price range?|There are 2 options. City Centre north has a rating of 0 stars and Worth House has a rating of 4 stars. Would you like me to book either of them?
Worth House sounds good.  Thank you.|I'll be happy to book a room for you. How many nights and how many people?
I actually just needed the information. That's all I need for now. Thank you. Goodbye.|Sure,thanks for using this service.
Hi, can you please help me book a train departing from London King's Cross on Sunday?|We have 10 different trains for that day. Do you want to depart and/or arrive at a particular time?
I want to leave after 9.|There is a train leaving at 9:17, Sunday. Would you like for me to book that?
I need a booking on the train for 7 people to go to Cambridge. Is that doable?|Yes it is. Do you have a preferred time of departure?
I would like to leave after 9:00.|I have booked the train for 9:17.  The reference number is BBQXVMZK.  The total for 7 people is 132.16 GBP and is payable at the station. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes, could you please help me find a expensive danish restaurant?|It looks like there aren't any expensive Danish restaurants in town.  Would you like me to look for another cuisine?
British food would be a suitable replacement I suppose.|We have many to choose from.  Any part of town work best?
No preference. Can you recommend one and book the same group of people on the same day please|Ok, I recommend the the cambridge chop house. It is in the city centre. What time would you like to eat?
i would like the reservation to be for sunday for 7 people at 20:15.|Booking for 7 was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is  EXZLQAZY. May I help you with anything else?
Thanks.  That's all.  Goodbye|Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your visit!
Yes, Hi! I am looking for a hotel in the tampa bay area.|You did not read the directions of this hit. There is no Tampa bay area. Please read the directions next time.
i'm sorry, dude. i'm from florida so i'm not very smart. i'm trying to get from cambridge to stevenage.|If you would like to take a train from Cambridge to Stevenage there is one leaving Friday at 05:21 arriving by 06:10.  Does that work?
I would like to leave on Sunday and arrive by 18:45. I need tickets for 8 people. Could you make the reservation and provide a reference number?|I can get you on TR0523 arriving at Stevenage by 14:10.  How many tickets will you need?
8 tickets please, and I will need the reference number.|Your booking was successful. The total fee is 81.92 GBP which can be paid at the station. The reference number is 1A9JYQS7.
I'd like somewhere to go in town. Something in the centre please.|Is there anything in particular you're interested in doing/seeing?
Anything you recommend. I just need the entrance fee, attraction type and phone number.|Little Saint Mary's Church  is an architecture attraction with no entrance fee. Their phone number is 01223366202.
Thank you for all your help.|You are welcome. Thank you for calling.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the center, but on the cheaper price range, can you help me?|There are 15 restaurants in the city centre that are in the cheap price range. What type of cuisine would you prefer?
I will prefer restaurant that serve Chinese food.|I have three. Shall I try to book one?
Actually, no booking is necessary. But, can you suggest one and provide me the address. Thanks.|I recommend the golden house. The address is 12 Lensfield Road City Centre.
Great thank you, I also need a train to arrive by 20:15 and traveling on monday.|I can help you with that. Where are you leaving from and going to?
I'm leaving from Norwich and heading for Cambridge.|Trains leave hourly from 5:16 am till 18:16 pm.  The 18:16 pm train arrives at 19:35.  The fare is 17.60.  What time would you like to leave?
That doesn't matter. The 18:16 will do. Book it for 4.|Your ticket booking was successful and the total fee is 70.4 GBP payable at the station . Your reference number is : 72SA1578. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you so much for your help, that's all I need today.|Great! Enjoy your visit and have a good one.
I'm looking for a train from cambridge to stevenage.|I can get you tickets for friday. The train departs the station at 05:21, is that time suitable for you?
How long is the trip?  I might like to leave somewhat later.|The trip is 49 minutes.
Excellent. Book it for 6 people and I'd like to arrive before 12:45.|Okay, I've booked you 6 tickets on train TR2515, which leaves at 05:21 and arrives at 06:10 in Stevenage. Your reference number is 1RMGSH2B. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks so much.  And yes, could you possibly point me to some entertainment in the town centre?|Unfortunately there isn't anything in the town centre that's entertainment, do you have an alternate preference or area you'd like?
Are there any museums in the centre?|There are 11 museums in the centre. Would you like to visit the Castle Galleries or Primavera perhaps? Both are free.
Can I get the addresses of both?|Castle galleries is at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street. Primavera is at 10 king s parade.
Fantastic. May I have the postcodes for those museums as well?|Castle Galleries is cb23bj and Primavera is cb21sj.
Thanks, that's all I need today. Goodbye!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would be in cambridge and I need to find a train that will be leaving from peterborough this sunday, can you help me find one?|Am I correct that you are travelling from Peterborough to Cambridge on Sunday? There are plenty of options for that trip. Do you have any preferences on departure and arrival times?
Yes it has to leave on Sunday after 19:15.|On Sunday, train TR3922 leaves Peterborough at 19:19 and arrives in Cambridge at 20:09 and is 13.20 pounds. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes, can you please book 4 tickets for me and provide me with the reference number, please.|Certainly, your reference number is GE1DNN0F. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, I also need some accomodations. Got anything with free wifi?|I have 32 results of lodging with free wifi. Could you be more specific on what area you'd like to stay in, or what type such as hotel or guesthouse?
Certainly! I'd like an expensive 4-star hotel, please. No guesthouses.|You have your choice of the Huntingdon Marriott or the University Arms.
I'll take the Huntingdon Marriott. Will you please book a room for 2 nights starting on Sunday for four people?|I've booked your stay at the Huntingdon Marriott for 4 people.
Great. All I need is the reference number for that reservation.|No problem. Your reference number for your room is Z1A3JS0N. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That should be it, thank you!|Alright, have a nice day!
I am looking for a train that leaves for Cambridge on Monday.|Where are you departing from?
Hello, I am departing from Ely.|There are several trains available, starting at 5:35 am and ending at 11:35 PM. What time would you prefer?
I need to arrive in Cambridge by 10:00 please|Train TR2987 will arrive in Cambridge by 9:52. Would you like to book it?
Yes, please. I need 6 tickets and a reference number.|Your tickets are all set, reference number is VKWMNP74
Thanks! I'm also looking for a good museum in the center of town.|There are 11 museums, I would recommend castle galleries because it's free.
Fantastic. Can you provide me with the address and phone number for the Castle Galleries, please?|They are located at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street and their phone number is 01223307402
What is their entrance fee?|They do not have a fee. It is free to enter.
I have everything I need. Thanks!|Is there anything else I can look up for you today?
No, that's it. Thank you.|No problem! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre and have a great day!
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the cheap price range and should have a star of 4|There are five hotels that meet your requirements. Is there a certain part of town you are looking in?
No, not really. Although, I'd like it to be a guesthouse with free parking.|How about the Leverton House?  It's at 732-734 New Market Road.  It's in the east part of town.  Can I book this for you?
That sounds good. I would like to book that for 4 people and 4 nights starting from Saturday.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is: 7AAR2TYB.
I appreciate your help. I need to travel by train to stevenage and leave after 10:15. What is available, please?|We have plenty after 10:15, what day of the week?
Great, I'm looking to travel on Sunday.|I am showing 7 options here. Do you want tickets on one of them?
Yeah, book the earliest one for 4 people and send me the reference number|Alright, your tickets are booked and your reference is BFCUMP2S. Anything else today?
That is all I need today, thank you.|We're happy to be of service, and thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre!
Hi. I'm looking for a place to spend the night, and I want somewhere without any hidden fees for parking or wifi.|There are 29 choices. Do you have a preference in the area of town and price range?
I want a cheap price range, please.|There is the Alexander Bed and Breakfast thich is 4 star and has free parking and wifi.
Great, can I have it for 4 people for 2 nights on wednesday and also I need a reference number?|Good news! Your booking has been successful. Your reference number is 5KCBOHZB.
I'm also looking for a train to Cambridge that departs from Bishop's Stortford that departs on Wednesday.|I have over 10 options. Do you have a preference for a departure or arrival time?
I would like it to arrive by 20:30 please.|There are 8 trains that will arrive by the time you stated. Do you have a preference on what time you leave at?
I'll take the train that arrives closest to 20:30 for 4 people please.|I have booked for you Train Tr9178  the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is : IKRVR8G2.
Thanks! For all your help.|Is there anything else you need?
Nope, that's it. Thanks!|You're welcome, goodbye.
Hello, I'm trying to find a restaurant called anatolia. Do you have any info about it?|It's a Turkish place in the centre that's moderately expensive. What else would you like to know?
Can you book a table there for me?|Of course! Will you give me a day and time? And how many in your party?
It would be for Monday for 5 people at 18:15 if possible.|Unfortunately, they are fully booked at that time. Can I try another time for you?
How about the same day at 17:15.  Is that available?  I'll also need a train departing stevenage and should arrive by 10:15.|I was able to book at table at Anatolia. Monday at 17:15 for 5 people, reference number 62W1W1V0. What destination would you like for the train from Stevenage?
Cambridge please.|TR8306 leaves for Cambridge Friday 05:54
Hi, I am trying to plan a trip and need some help with a train.  I'm not familiar with trains at all unfortunately.|Don't worry, I should be able to help you. Do you know which station you'll be leaving from or going to?
I'm departing from leicester and I need to leave on friday.  Thank you for helping!|What is your destination?
I'm going to Cambridge.|Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
11 pm and I want it for three people|TR6539 will arrive by 22:54. Booking was successful, the total fee is 113.4 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is IE5RK2IG. Do you need anything else?
I also need a place to stay.|We have many great places to stay. What area would you like and do you have a price range?
I need a train going to cambridge.|Where will you be arriving from and on what day?
I'd like to travel on Wednesday and I'll be coming from London Kings Cross.|I have many trains to choose from. Do you have a travel time preference?
i want to arrive by 20:15|The TR9332 arrives by 20:08.  Would you like it booked?
Yes please, for 2 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 47.2 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 9BB5OGBN. Do you need help with anything else?
I'm also looking for places to go. Maybe a nightclub?|We have 6 nightclubs in town. Most of them are in the center, and Kambar, at 1 Wheeler St., is my favorite.
get phone number, area, and postcode of Kambar.|Kambar nightclub is in the centre area.  The phone# is 01223842725 and the postcode is cb23qb.
Oh yeah, I'm so there. Thanks a lot, that's all I needed help with today! Bye|It was a pleasure helping you today. Good-bye.
Hi, what can you tell me about a restaurant called the golden curry?|The golden curry is an Indian restaurant that is expensive and located at Mill Road City Centre. The phone number is 01223329432.
That sounds fine. Can you book it for 5 people at 13:00 this Friday?|There's no table available at 13:00. Would you like me to try a different time?
Yes, can you try at 12:00 please?|The booking was successful they will hold the table for 15 minutes. You're reference number is OST7VJZE is there anything else you need?
I need to book a train too.|I would love to help find you the perfect train! Where will you be departing from and where will you be heading?
Yes, I'd like a train going to Cambridge and arriving by 09:30, please.|Where will you be departing from?
broxbourne. This is on friday, by the way.|Okay I only got you 1 ticket. Your reference number is G1DHVW6A. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
No thank you. I appreciate the help.|You are welcome. I was glad to assist you.
Please call again if you need more help.|Please call again if you need more help.
Are there restaurants in the city centre which serve North American cuisine?|There is one expensive restaurant called gourmet burger kitchen would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, thanks!|What day and time would you like me to book it?
I need it booked for 8 people on Sunday at 15:45. I'd also like to have the reference number.|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes only. Your reference number is HJCYIRG6. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes. I am looking for a train that departs from Cambridge on Monday.|Where will you be going?
I need to get to Stevenage by 16:45.|Train ID TR1898 will have you arriving at Stevenage at 14:10. It leaves Cambridge at 13:21.
That's just perfect. Can you buy our tickets? Same group of people as the gourmet burger kitchen.|I have purchased 8 tickets for you. The reference number is PWMD3SIU.
Thank you that is all I needed today.|Have a good day.  Thank you for using our service.
Thank you, I hope you have a good day as well!|It's been a pleasure. Good day and goodbye.
I am looking for a train departing out of Norwich to Cambridge, please.|Certainly. What day and time would you like to travel on?
I'd like to leave on friday after 08:15|TR3293 will leave at 08:16 would that work for you?
That would be perfect. Can you book that for 5 people and give me a reference number?|Ok, I've booked 5 people on TR 3293.  Your reference number is BBG39TVV and your total due is 88 GBP payable at the station.  Anything else I can do?
I need a place to stay too.|How about guesthouses? Or would you prefer a hotel? How long is your stay and how many rooms?
We will need the guesthouse for 4 nights starting friday and will need 2 rooms.  Thank you.|Alexander Bed and Breakfast in the centre is an excellent choice. Would you like to make reservations?
What is the price range of the Alexander Bed and Breakfast?|The price range on the Alexander Bed and Breakfast is cheap. Would you like to book a room?
No, actually I need a hotel in the expensive price range.|I have no expensive guesthouses, but I do have the University Arms Hotel that is expensive in the centre of town, rated 4 stars with wifi and parking.
Could I get the postcode and phone number?|Sure, their phone number is 01223351241 and the postcode is cb21ad. Can I assist you with anything else?
That should be all, thank you.|You're welcome. Have a great day! Goodbye.
There are trains that run out of Broxbourne, right?|indeed, do you know what day you're traveling?
I need to get to Cambridge on Sunday, and I need to get there around 10:00.|TR3111 will arrive at 09:32. Want to book?
Yes, I need a booking 3 people and the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 42.96 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : JY9BZKAV.
I also need a place to stay in the south with a 4 star rating.|I have two options for you. Both offer free parking and wifi and are 4 star rated. There is Aylesbray Lodge and Rosa's Bed and Breakfast. Which would you prefer?
Are either of those in the moderate price range?|Yes, aylesbray lodge guest house is in the moderate price range. Can I book you a room?
Please book it for 3 people for 2 nights starting Sunday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : L4WMNV6Q.
Great, thank you so much for your help! That should be all for now!|Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
Yes, would you be able to help me find a train leaving from Cambridge?|I can definitely help with that. What day would you like to travel? And what is your desired destination?
I want to travel on Saturday from Cambridge to Kings Lynn.|There are 19 different trains on Saturday from Cambridge to Kings Lynn. What time would you like to arrive by?
I would like to leave after 14:30. Could you find me a train for that time?|The first train to leave after 14:30 is TR6982 and leaves at 15:11
OK, could you book me 7 tickets for the TR6982?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 54.88 GBP payable at the station. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm looking to stay in a guesthouse while I'm there. I'd like a place that has free parking.|There are a number of guesthouses.  Do you have a price range and an area that you prefer?
No. What is available?|I have 21 places that fit what you want.  Do you have a price preference?
Not at the moment.  Can you recommend any moderately priced guesthouses to accommodate  7 people?|Is there a specific area of town you would like to stay in?
Not particularly. I just need one for 5 nights starting Monday. Whichever you recommend.|I am very sorry, but I was unable to book a guesthouse, would you be able to check in at a later day, or could you stay for a shorter period?
Can you book it for 3 nights?|You're booked at the Acorn Guesthouse for 3 nights, 7 people, starting on Monday. Your reference number is WU51A5WI. Can I help with anything else today?
I do not need anymore help. Thank you for your help.|Thank you for allowing me to assist you.  Enjoy your stay!  Let us know if there's anything we can assist you with in the future!
I'm going to Cambridge and I need a train that arrives by 16:00.|Where will you be departing from and what time will you be leaving?
I will be departing from stansted airport and I want to leave on thursday|OK, the TR3076 train arrives at 15:52. Would you like to book that one or consider other options?
Yeah, book that one.|How many tickets would you like me to book for you?
i want to book for six people. i also want a restaurant. The restaurant should serve northern european food and should be in the centre|I have made the train reservations your reference number is HHQDGA03.
Thank you. I'm also looking for a restaurant that serves northern european food in the centre.|I have several options what price range were you looking for?
How about northern european?|I'm sorry, I was mistaken. I do not have a Northern European restaurant in the centre of town.
Okay, how about italian food?|Yes I have 9 to choose from. What price range would you like?
Probably cheap would be best|There are several to choose from. There's Pizze Hut City Centre, Ask, and also Zizzi Cambridge. Does one of those sound good?
Can you pick one for me?|Absolutely! I really enjoy Zizzi cambridge. Would you like me to make a reservation there for you?
Sure. Sounds good. I need to book it for the same group of people on the same day at 20:15. Can I please have the reference number as well?|Booking was successful. Reference number is : BE27DMZM.
Thanks for your help! That is all I needed today.|May I look anything else up for you?
That is all I need today good bye.|Thank you goodbye.
I need help finding a train departing from Cambridge and going to Leicester. Can you help?|When would you like to travel?
I would like to go on Monday in the morning.|Train TR6105 leaves Cambridge to Leicester Monday morning at 6:21, would you like me to book this for you?
Oh, I need to change the day to Friday for the train to Leicester and it needs to arrive by 17:45.  Do you have something on that day?|TR0552 departs 15:21 and arrives in Leicester on Friday at 17:06. Would this suit you?
Yes please book it for 7 people and give me a reference number.|I've booked you 7 seats on the TR0552. Your reference is CQ3FE1GX and the fee of 264.59 GBP is payable at the station. Will that be all?
No, I also need to find a place to stay. I'm looking for a 3 star hotel.|I have 2 3 star hotels available, one in the centre and one in the south. Do you have a preference?
No, I don't have a preference on location.|Want me to book gonville hotel?
That would be great, thanks.  We'll have 7 people staying 5 nights starting from Sunday.|Done! Your reference number is GRWG727T. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you that is all I needed.|You are welcome. The Cambridge TownInfo centre is always here for you. Goodbye.
I'm planning my trip and I need a train that leaves on saturday from norwich.|There is a train that leaves from Norwich to Cambridge on Saturday at 5:16. It will arrive to Cambridge at 6:35.
I need something that arrives by 08:45.|I have train TR6560 that arrives at 08:35 is that good for you?
That sounds good, can you book for 8 people please?|I have your seats reserved.  The total fee is 112.64 GBP payable at the station and your reference number is 9MVEG3RD.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Thanks so much.  Yes, I am trying to find a place to eat also.|Sure, I can help with that.  Did you have a particular kind of food in mind?
I would like Korean food.|I have a listing for little seoul it is in the centre and expensive.
Is there anything more moderately priced available by way of Korean food?|I'm sorry. little seoul is the only korean restaurant around.
How about a restaurant in the moderate price range that serves Italian food?|I have 5 to choose from. Did you prefer a certain area of town so that we can narrow it down?
Just pick one and give me:  phone number and postcode|Okay, how about pizza hut cherry hinton. Their phone number is 01223323737 and the post code is cb17dy.
That will work! Thanks so much. Take care. Bye.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I'm looking a train that is leaving on Thursday but will arrive by 09:30 to Cambridge.|Okay, and where are you leaving from?
i will depart from birmingham new street|TR3736 arrives in Cambridge at 09:23.
That would be great. Please book tickets for 7 people. I'll also need a reference number, if possible.|Okay I booked it for you and your reference number is 0LYL0J3V.
Thank you. I will also need a place to stay in the north. I'd like something that includes free parking.|Okay and what is your price range?
It doesn't really matter as long as the parking is free. I don't even need internet.|when is your stay?
Let's go with Thursday.|Ok great. I highly suggest the Acorn Guest House. Would you like for me to book a room?
yeah book it for the same group of people please|Booking for 1 night at acorn guest house was successful. Reference number VO8YM3X4. The address is 154 chesterton road, phone 01223353888, postcode cb41da. Will you need anything else?
No that is all I need help with at the moment, thank you.|Have a wonderful time.
I'm sorry, but I actually needed the hotel for 4 nights, can you adjust that for me?|Yes, I can.
how about 1 nights.|Yes, that should be fine. Please adjust it for me.
I'm sorry, I got confused there for a moment - were you unable to book me for 4 nights?|No, you're successfully booked for 4 nights at the Acorn Guest House. The reference number is 0PP63274. Can I help with anything else today?
That would bee all thank you|Just to clarify. You have been successfully booked at the Acorn Guest House. Is there anything else that I can assist you with today?
Yes, I need help finding a restaurant. Preferably a nice, expensive one in the south.|Great! I've found 5 different restaurants in the south that will suit your needs. Do you like Italian food?
No, I was actually looking for an Indian restaurant. Is there one?|The taj tandoori serves indian food. Is there anything else?
Can you please book me a table for one at 16:30 on Sunday?|Okay you are all booked for a party of one at 16:30 on Sunday at taj tandoori.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, please. I need a train to broxbourne.|In case you need it, your reservation reference# is A3D8IGZ1. Now for a train. What day and time would you like to travel on, and will you be departing from Cambridge?
Yes, I will leave Cambridge on Monday sometime after 18:15.|TR2292 departs at 20:01 and arrives at 21:01.  Would that work?
Yes please book me a seat and I will need a reference number please.|I have booked you a seat for one on the TR2292 depearting Cambridge for Broxbourne on Monday at 19:01. Your reference is D9IK9LXA.  Is there anything more today?
No, that will be all. Thank you for your help. Have a great day!|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Please remember us for all of your future travel needs.
I am looking for a attraction called emmanuel college.|Emmanuel College is located on St. Andrew's Street in the city centre, would you like to know their hours of operation?
No but can you get me the postcode.|Their postcode is cb23ap.
I need to find a train to get there too.|OK, can you give me your arrival and departure stations, as well as the day and time you would like to travel?
I need to arrive by 09:45 and I am going to Cambridge.|Can you tell me where you will be departing from and what day you will be traveling?
Sure, I will be departing from London Kings Cross on Friday.|I have train TR5219 leaving at 5:17 and arriving at 6:08 with a cost of 23.60 pounds. Would you like reservations?
Yes please for 8 people and let me know the reference number.|Great, 8 tickets secured your reference numer is 5CETWAP8 and the cost is 188.8 payable at the station. Anything else today?
Nope, that's all I need.|Thanks for calling in today. Have a nice day.
Thanks again.  Bye!|Thank you for your time.
I am looking for a museum in town|We have 23 museums to pick from, are there any preferences?
Do you have a suggestion?|The cafe jello gallery is nice. It is in the west and free to get in?
Can I get the address for that please?|There is no listing for jelly, but I can book the attraction for you
I would like to book a hotel in Cambridge. Is there any availability at the Autumn House?|When would you like to visit autumn house?
Yes. Book it for 6 people and 4 nights from thursday.|I have your party of 6 booked at Autumn House for 4 nights starting Thursday, your reference number is 4ZZ358JU. Can I help you with anything else today?
I am also looking for a train to Cambridge. I would like to leave Thursday.|No problem. Where are you leaving from?
Ely. Oh and I'll need to arrive by 9.|I have the TR7745 leaving ely at 7:35 and arriving at 7:52. Would you like to make a booking today?
Yes, for the same group of 6.|Your train has been booked. Your reference number is RSOJO37T. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I don't believe so. I think that does it. Have a great night. Bye.|Thank you. Goodbye.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|Excellent! What can I help you with?
I want to get a train to cambridge from leicester.|What day and time would you like to travel?
I need the train to arrive by 15:45 and leave on friday.|There is TR4625 that will depart from leicester and arrive at 14:54.  The cost of the ticket is 37.80 pounds.
Sounds great. i will need a booking for 2 people.|I have booked you 2 tickets on the TR4625 leaving Leicester at 13:09 and arriving in Cambridge at 14:54 total fee is 75.59 GBP referenece TGE8CAOR.
Great! Thank you! I will also need a hotel in the east. It must have free parking.|express by holiday inn cambridge is in the east and has an expensive price range
Okay can you book it for me for 3 nights from Friday for 2 people?|Booking was successful. Your Reference number is : MTML5ASG. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I don't think so. Not today. Thanks for the help! Goodbye.|Great. I hope you have a great day.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|Certainly. What can I help you with today?
I'm looking for places to stay that has 3 stars|We have several options. Any specific area?
I don't really care where.  But, it does need free parking.  I'm thinking I may need free wifi also.  Is there anything?|I have five options available. Would you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
Do you have any recommendations?|I recommend the lensfield hotel located on the south side of town at 53-57 lensfield road. Do you need anymore information?
Great can you give me the phone number?|Their phone number is 01223355017.
thank you that will be all|Thank you for using our services. Please feel free to call on us again if we can be of help planning your trip to Cambridge.
May I please have information about a train to Stevenage, leaving on Tuesday?|Certainly. Is Cambridge your departure point?
Yes, please.|Do you have a certain time you would like to leave after or arrive by?
Any that leave after 08:00 would be fine. I'll need a booking for 5 people, please.|You are booked for the TR4546 train. Your reference number is NALGEDH3 and 64 GPB will be due at the station. Is there anything else?
I would also like a moderately priced place to stay.|Is there a certain area that you perfer? Maybe free parking or wifi?
free wifi and 4 stars please|I have the guesthouse called Avalon available.  It has 4 stars and is moderately priced.  It's in the north.  Would you like me to book this?
Sounds great. I'd like to make a reservation for Saturday.|I would be happy to book this for you. Will you be booking for 5 people?
Yes for 5 people and 3 nights.|Your booking was successful. The reference number is 5KPWKTTX. Can I help with anything else today?
No, thank you, that's all I need. Thanks for your help!|Thank you for calling. Please let us know if we can be of assistance in the future. Have a great trip! Goodbye.
What trains leave London Liverpool Street and go to Cambridge?|There are several trains that depart from London Liverpool Street on Friday. Is there a particular time you wish to leave by?
Yes, sometime after 09:15.|There are several trains departing on Friday every :39 of the hour from 9:39 to 23:39. Would you like me to book one of these for you?
I'll go with the 9:39.|Wonderful, your train has been booked!
I think I forgot to add that I will need the booking for 3 people please. Will you modify the booking for me?|Great! Thank you for your help.
Please modify the booking for three people please.|Sure. Just a moment.
I need a reference number for the train. Then I need to find a moderate Italian restaurant in the east for 3 people at 16:30 on Saturday, and a reference number.|Ok, I have three tickets booked on the 9:39. The reference number is QOL9GX6F. Does Pizza Hut Fen Ditton sound good? It's the only Italian restaurant in east.
Yes I think that would be good. Is that available at 4:30 PM?|What day and how many people are you looking to book for?
I am looking for 3 people, at 16:30 on saturday.|Ok, I have booked dinner for three on Saturday at 16:30 at Pizza Hut Fen Ditton. Your reference number is MLMBLJEG. Enjoy your meal!
Thank you that is all the info I need.|Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Have a nice trip!
Please help me find a train that leaves Norwich after 5:45 PM. Thanks.|Certainly what day will you need that?
I would like to travel on Saturday please.|Train TR2970 should work for you, would you like me to book you passage?
yes book for me fo 3 people and provide me with reference number|I was able to book 3 tickets it will be 45.24 GBP you can pay at the station. The reference number is YVQA5ZCC. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I'd also like to find some places to go while I'm in town. What is there in the way of architectural attractions in the city centre?|The All Saints Church would be a beautiful architectural attraction.  Would you like info on that?
Yes, can you please send that to me?|It's located on Jesus Lane. Entrance is free. The phone number is 01223452587 and the postcode is cb58bs. Do you need anything else?
No, that's perfect.  Thank you for you help.|You're welcome. Have a good day. Goodbye.
I am traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.|We have many options available.  What type of food would you like to eat?
I actually need a train leaving kings lynn on wednesday.|That should be no problem do you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
I want to leave on wednesday after 09:30. I need seats for 6 people and the reference number please.|I can do that for you! Where would you like to go?
We need to go to Cambridge.|TR3225 leaves Kings Lynn 10:11 and arrives in Cambridge at 10:58. Do you want me to book this train for you?
yes and please include a reference number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 58.8 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : USQHZNBW. May I assist you with anything else ?
I also need a place to dine. Can you help me?|Sure. There are plenty of places to eat. Do you have a preference for area, price, or location?
Yes, we love Korean food and want to try the expensive price range, please.|How about little seoul? It has gotten great reviews!
Sure, please book that for 6 people at 17:30 on wednesday.|It is not available for the time requested. Should I check different time?
Could you try Monday then?|I'm sorry those are not available.
could you try Monday @ 19:30 please?|thanks a lot i enjoyed your service
Pardon? Were you able to reserve our table, please?|It's not available. Would you like to try a different restaurant?
No, could you try that restaurant for later that evening?|I am sorry, I can't book anything for that restaurant at all that night. Is there a different restaurant I can try for you?
I don't think so.|We are having technical problems. Please call the restaurant directly at 01223308681. Anything else?
Thank you for your help. Good bye!|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre!
I need to get a train ticket for friday please.|Where will you be departing from and traveling to?
I need to get to Cambridge from Broxbourne and I'd like to leave after 13:15.|Yes I have a train that leaves at 13:32. Will that do?
Yes. Please book for 1 person.|Will you be needing the reference number?
Yes, if I could please get the reference number.|Reference number is : IVX6L3KV. Can I help with anything else?
I need a train that is leaving after 11:30.|Yes, there are multiple trains available. What day and time will you be departing?
I need to leave from Cambridge on Monday please.|And where are you bound?
I am going to Birmingham New Street.|Is there a train leaving earlier than 11:30, since there is nothing after 11:30?
I need to leave after 11:30, and go to Birmingham, New Street.|Sorry about that, there are actually 12 options here. The first train is TR6162, which leaves at 12:01
Please make a booking for 6 people on that first train.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 450.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : ISOR1J8A. Can I help with anything else?
I would also like somewhere fun to go, a college I think.|We have 18 colleges is there a specific area you'd like me to look at?
Can you recommend one for me and give me their phone number please?|Sure, corpus christi is located at king's parade, phone 01223338000. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No thank you, I am all set! Bye!|Thank you for contacting us.  Have a great day!
I need a train into Cambridge on Thursday.|where would you be departing from?
I need to leave from Kings Lynn and arrive no later than 08:45 please.|There are five trains available, but the earliest train leaves at 09:11. I'm sorry.
Are you sure there's nothing earlier?|Certain, the earliest one leaves at 09:11
Hmm. Well, let's talk attractions for a moment. What kind of sports venues exist in the centre of town?|I am sorry there are no sports venues in the centre of town,can I search another area?
how about one that is in the type of concerthall|The Man on The Moon concerthall, 2 norfolk street, cb12fl. Their phone number is 01223474144. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That will be all, thank you for you help.|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
Hi. I need a train out of cambridge.|There are several trains out of Cambridge but i need to know your destination and preferred day and time of departure.
My destination is birmingham new street and I need to leave after 9:00.|On what day will you be travelling?
I will be leaving on Thursday.|I have a train leaving at 9:01 on thursday. Would you like to book that?
Yes please book that for 1 person.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is ZYKE5A4L. Do you need anything else?
Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant, located in the centre.|Are you looking for a particular type of food?
No, I am not.|I have the kymmoy located at 52 mill road city centre. Would you like reservations?
Yes please can you make a reservation for 5 people at 20:00 on Sunday.|I have your reservation for 5 people on sunday at 20:00, your reference number is HJ2OIWKI.  Can I help with anything else?
train. The train should be on the same day as the restaurant booking and should go to cambridge|I'd be happy to help with your request, but first I'll need to know where you're leaving from and what day and time you'd like to leave.
I'll be departing from birmingham new street and need to arrive by 13:45.|I booked you for 1 ticket your reference number is FCGNZKOW. It will arrive by 12:23
Thank you for booking it.|Can I help with anything else today?
I actually need 5 tickets - all of us eating at the restaurant will be coming in on that train.|OKay, I will work on booking this. In the mean time do you know what kid of food you want?
I'm sorry, I forgot we already made your reservation for the restaurant. Let me work on that train for you.|The booking of the restaurant is ready, and the reference number is : HJ2OIWKI.
Thank you! I appreciate all of your help today. Have a good afternoon.|Thank you for using our system!
I am looking for a train departing from london kings cross|When would you like to depart London Kings Cross?
Yes departing from there heading to Cambridge on Saturday.|What time would you like to depart or arrive?
The train should go to cambridge and should arrive by 14:00.|I have train TR7309 departing London Kings Cross at 11:17 and arriving in Cambridge at 12:08.
Please book that for 5 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 94.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 7UGGORNQ.
Thank you, good bye.|Great! Have a nice day!
I would like to know what parks are in the west part of Cambridge.|Sorry, there are no parks in the west part of cambridge.
What about colleges?|There are 5 colleges in the west.  Clare and Queens' both charge entrance fees. Churchill, Clare, and Magdalene are free.
How much do Clare and Queens' charge? Can I have their phone number and postcode?|Clare College is 2.50 pounds, phone number 01223333200, postcode cb21tl. Queens' college cost the same, phone 01223335511, postcode cb39et. Which do you prefer?
Great thank you I also am looking for a train departing cambridge on saturday|There are many trains leaving Cambridge on Saturday. Where are you headed?
I'm going to Birmingham New Street and need to arrive by 16:45.|TR4975 matches your criteria and departs at 05:01. Is that acceptable?
Yes. Please book that for 1 person and give me the reference number.|I have booked 1 ticket for TR4975. The reference number is K88O0GEZ. It leaves Cambridge at 05:01.
Okay great. That is all I needed.|Okay. Glad I could be of help. Enjoy your travel.
Thanks very much for all of the help. Have a great day!|You as well, come back any time you need future assistance.
I need to take a train from Cambridge to Stansted Airport I need to arrive by 14:45|What day do you want to travel?
I need to go on Thursday, please.|TR0521 will depart at 13:40 and arrive at 14:08. The 28 minute trip will cost 10.10 pounds. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes please and provide me with the reference number as well.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is TDPEQ21Q. Do you need anything else?
I need place to stay with free wifi.|What area are you looking to stay in?
It doesn't matter.  I like 4 star guesthouses though.|I have quite a few that fit your description. What price range are you looking for?
I'd prefer something in the moderate price range.|I recommend the Arbury Lodge Guesthouse in the north. It meets your specifications. Would you like help in booking it?
That sounds good. Can I get that for 8 people for 4 nights starting Thursday?|I have made those reservations and your reference number is  YCL4D5P6.
Thank you! That is all that I need!|If that is all, then thank you for reaching out to the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|We are happy to help you with some information for our city. What specifically can I assist you with today?
I need a place to stay in the west|I'll be happy to help. Can you tell me if there is an area of town you prefer?
In the west. A cheap hotel with free parking.|The cambridge belfry is a cheap hotel with free wifi and parking. The phone is 01954714600. Can I help with a booking?
Just the postal code please?|The postal code for that hotel is cb236bw.
Thanks!  I also need help finding a train.|Where are you traveling to and from and on what day and at what time?
I'm leaving from Norwich. I'll need to arrive at Cambridge on Monday by 08:15.|I found the TR9020 leaving at 05:16. How many tickets would you like to book?
grab me 8 tickets please and I need the conf # too|I will work on getting that booked and be back with you shortly.
Great, thank you.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 140.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : DK26RL4O. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you, thats all I need today|you are most welcome
have a good day.|Please feel free to reach out to us if you have additional requests. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I am looking for a place to go in the Centre.|Do you like boats? There is the cambridge punter on 251a chesterton road.
I want to go to a mutliple sports attraction.|Unfortunately, I don't have a multiple sport attraction in the centre. Can I try a different area or type of attraction for you?
How about a museum instead?|byard art would be nice
Sounds good to me! Can you give me their phone and address? Oh, and how much does it cost to get in?|Sure, the address is 14 King's Parade and their phone is 01223464646. Admittance is free.
I am also looking for a train that arrives by 11:45 on Thursday from Bishops Stortford to Cambridge.|The TR0798 leaves at 9:29 and gets you to Cambridge by 10:07. Would you like me to book you a ticket on it?
That would work. I need 8 tickets for that train please.|You are booked on Thursday on TR0798, reference number is 06UZDAZR and the total cost is 80.8 GBP payable at the station.
Thank you so much for your help, that's all I will need today!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre!  Have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
I meed a moderately priced place to stay.|I have found a list of hotels with a moderate price range, what area, type, star of the hotel would you like?
I would like to stay in the east. It should have a 4 stars and I would also like free wifi please.|There are 3 guesthouses that meet those requirements I recommend warkworth house. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please! 5 of us will be staying for 3 nights, and we're arriving on Friday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : FGTT1OBZ. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for a train.|I'll be happy to help you with that. What day would you like to travel and where would you like to depart from?
I need to leave from Bishops Stortford the same day I arrive at the hotel. I need to arrive close to 19:30.|I have a train that arrives in cambridge by 18:07. It would be helpful to know your destination so I can serve you better.
The train should leave from bishops stortford and go to cambridge and arrive by 19:30.|thank you i think you should prepare before departure thank you
Hi, I am looking for a restaurant that is expensive and serves European food.|I show 5 listings. Would you like a certain area of town?
No specific area, but I would like it for Friday.|Okay, I recommend City Stop Restaurant. What time would you like the reservation for and for how many people?
I'd like to make reservations for 7 people at 11:15 on Friday please.|You have a table reserved for 7 on Friday at 11:15.  Your reference number is V2IWL8VW.
Thanks, I'm also looking for a train for Friday that goes to Cambridge and arrives by 08:15.|And where will you be coming from?
I'll be coming from Peterborough. All 7 of us will need tickets for the train.|TR0035 arrives by 08:09. Does that work for you?
Yes, please include the reference number.|Yes of course, the reference number for the train is MU82CCWU.
Thank you, that is all for today. Goodbye.|Have a great day!
I am looking for a place to go in the centre of town.|There are lots of fun places to go in the centre of town. Is there a particular type of attraction you're looking for?
I don't care about the attraction.|I recommend all saints church on Jesus Lane.  It's free.
Ok, can I have the phone number and postcode, please?|Sure thing! The phone number is 01223452587, and the postcode is cb58bs. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need to find a train going from cambridge to peterborough please.|What day and time would you like to depart? The train ride lasts 50 minutes and a ticket cost 16.50 pounds for your information.
Great, I want to go on Sunday and I need 8 tickets please.|There is a train leaving at 5:06 and arriving at 05:56 for 13.20 pounds. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes please book it for 8 people and give me the reference number|All right, you have eight tickets booked for a total of 105.6 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is P33M2HJN. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, I think that is enough. Thank you!|You're very welcome. Use the Cambridge TownInfo centre whenever you need guidance around towne!
I need to find a train for Saturday.|I have many trains that depart saturday. Where will you be departing from and where is your destination?
I will be departing from Ely and traveling to Cambridge.|Okay, and what time do you want to leave after or arrive by?
I need to arrive by 11:45.|There are 3 trains here. Do you want me to book any tickets?
Yes please. I need it to be booked for 8 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 28.16 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : ZVERHBT3.
Thank you, that is all I need.|You're welcome, thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I'm looking for a train going to london liverpool street.|the train id is TR5154 and it leaves cambridge on friday
I am actually leaving on Saturday from cambridge.|The train id is TR2895 and it leaves cambridge on saturday .
Great, can you please book it for 2 people and give me the reference number? Thanks.|You are all booked for Saturday. The train departs at 05:59 and arrives at 07:27. The price is 13.28 pounds.
Hello, what can you tell me about de luca cucina and bar?|De Luca is a moderately-priced Modern European place at 83 Regent Street in the center of town. Would you like to book a table there?
Yes, I need it booked for 7 people on Tuesday at 19:30.|You are all set! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 5R3GSQVS. Do you need anything else?
Thank you so much. And yes, I also need to find a train to Bishops Stortford, please. I will be leaving from Cambridge on Tuesday.|There are 10 trains to choose from. Do you have a preferred time to leave after or arrive by?
I want it to arrive by 16:00.|There are 5 trains matching your query. The latest arrives by 14:07. Do you want to book it?
Yes please book tickets on that train for 7 people and send me the reference number|Your booking was successful, your reference number is WT2VB50O.
Thank you thats all I need for now.|You're welcome and enjoy your trip.
I need to find a train from cambridge on wednesday.|The TR3702 takes you to london kings cross.  Do you need a ticket?
No. I would like to go to Norwich at 9:30.|Do you want to leave at 9:30 or arrive by then?
Arrive by 9:30 in Norwich.|What time could you like to depart at?
I have no preference for that. Can you make a booking for me on the train with the earliest departure time?|Sure, I can do that.  How many tickets did you need?
3 tickets please. And a reference number too|I made those reservations on train TR9179 and your reference number is JUAPVB1I.
Thanks so much for your help.|You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help with today?
I also need information about funky fun house.|Sure thing let me get that for you.
Ok, thanks. Can you tell me the postcode and area it's in?|It's in the east and the postcode is cb58hy. Is there anything else you need?
No. That will be all for today. Thanks so much! Goodbye|Funky fun house is located at 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate. May i assist you with something else?
I am looking for places to go in the centre of town. I would like some type of architecture attraction.|There are five to choose from. Would you like a free attraction or one with an admission charge?
Will you recommend one? I don't care about the entrance fee.|I would recommend All Saints Church. They're at Jesus Lane. Would you like their phone number?
Yes, please provide their phone number.|Their phone number is 01223452587. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I also need a train from cambridge to kings lynn. I'll be traveling on Wednesday after 18:30.|I have a train leaving at 19:11 and arriving at 19:58 wil that work for you?
Yes! I need 5 tickets. Can you please provide my reference number?|Your Reference number is 24ZYMC9U. Can I help you with anything else?
You have been very helpful, that is everything. Thank you.|Excellent. I hope you have a great rest of your day!
Hi. Can you help me find a restaurant?|What type of cuisine would you like?
Modern European, please.|Sure, do you have an area or price range you are looking for?
I don't have a preference on price range, but would like it to be in the Centre.|I would recommend the De Luca Cucina and Bar, located at 83 Regent Street. Would you like to reserve a table?
I need a table for 7 people.|Sure I would be more than happy to help you with that when would you like to book the table for?
tuesday at 18:45|I have your table booked for 7 people on tuesday at 18:45, your reference number is L440UJKD.  Can I help with anything else?
I also need a train from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street.|What time will you be leaving?
i need to arrive there by 17:30.|What day do you want to travel?
I'll be travelling on Wednesday.|TR2815 arrives at 17:27. Does that work or is it cutting things too close for you?
Yes. I need 7 tickets please.|I will book it for you now.
Can I please get the reference number?|Okay i have booked you and your reference number is UZBRLH3F.
Thank you for your help today.|Did you need anything else?
That was everything. Thank you!|Have a great time.
Hi, I am planning a trip for my family and could use some help with a place to stay.|I can help with that, what would you like to stay at?
I would like a hotel on the west side of Cambridge. I prefer an affordable hotel that includes free parking.|I have 2 hotels in the west. Both offer free internet and free parking. One is cheaper and the other is expensive. Do you have a preference?
I want the cheap one.|The cheap one is the Cambridge belfry.
Please book that for 3 people for 3 nights starting on Friday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : IKC0PEFS.
I want a train leaving on thursday.|I show 404 rail departures on Thursday, can I get something specific for you?
I'm going from cambridge to broxbourne any time after 09:15.|TR6806 will leave at 10:01 and arrive at 11:01. The trip will take 60 minutes and it will cost 17.90 pounds. Would you like to book?
Yes. Book for 4 people.|Ok.  I booked four tickets for you.  Your reference number is FRSZ5A8R.  Can I help you with something else?
Im also looking for a place by the name of milton county park.|What information are you looking for?
I would like the phone number and postcode for it please.|The phone number is 01223420060 and the post code is cb46az.
Thank you! That's all I needed, thanks so much.|Sounds great, before i let you go, I just want to make sure we have covered everything that you need.
yes you did|enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I want a train leaving from  london liverpool street.|I can help with that. What is the destination?
My destination is Cambridge, and I'll be traveling on Saturday.|Is there a time you would like to leave or arrive by?
I would leave after 14:45.|I have a train that leaves at 15:39 and arrives and 17:07. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please make a booking for 4 people.|Your all set and your reference number is 2ITJJMJC. May I help you with anything else today?
I am looking for a boat.|Where would you like it to be?
Can you check in the  north please. That would be ideal.|It looks like the Riverboat Georgina is in the north.  Would you like more information about it?
Yes, please.  Can I have the postcode?|The postcode for the riverboat georgina is cb43ax. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all thank you!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Hi, I'm looking for a train from Stevenage to Cambridge|What day do you need the ticket for? Trains leave every hour.
I am travelling on Monday and need to leave after 16:30.|The TR0244 leaves at 17:21 and arrives by 18:10.  Would you like this one?
Yes please. What is the cost for this train?|My apologies. The train ID is TR0254 not TR0244. The cost is 12.80 pounds per ticket. Can I book a ticket for you?
Yes, that would be great. Please book for 6 people.|Yes that booking was successful and your reference number for the trip and tickets is PENZQ430. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, I think I'm all set. Thank you for your help!|Thank you for using this system!
I'd like to know of some places to go in Cambridge.|There are several places to go in the Cambridge area. What type do you prefer?
I prefer the architecture type.|I have located five locations relating to architecture. Four of the five locations are a church and the other is a school. Which type of location do you prefer to visit?
How about the school? Can I have the postcode and address of it please?|The address is trinity lane and the postcode is cb21tt.
I'm also looking for a train from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford|What is your departure day and time?
I am looking to depart on Monday and arrive by 20:00. Hoping to not leave hours and hours before that though.|The closest arrival time to 20:00 is 18:07, is that suitable?
That's fine as long as you can book it for four people|Indeed I can book that for 4 people. Your booking was successful, the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 2I1YOWD4
Great that's all that I need, thank you!|You are welcome. I am glad I could help and I hope you have a wonderful day!
I need to find a train into Cambridge that will arrive by 09:15.|I can help you with that. Where are you traveling from?
I will be leaving the Stansted Airport on Thursday.|Perfect, I have train TR1472 that meets your criteria, would you like me to book a ticket for you?
Book it for 3 people.|Sure. Your train is booked. The fee will be 30.29 GBP and your reference number is 7FGDRE1Q.
I need to find a place to stay as well. Can you help?|I need to know what you're looking for first.
I am looking to find a guesthouse in the centre of town.|May I recommend Alexander bed and breakfast? It is a cheap guesthouse with a 4 star rating in the centre of town.
Are there any 4 star guesthouses in the centre that are expensive?|No there are not.  Would you like me to book the Alexander bed and breakfast for you?
how about one that is in the type of hotel?|I am sorry but there are no 4 star hotels either.  Would you like to try another star rating or area?
Are there any guesthouses in another area close by?|I'm afraid not. Would you like to try a different price range or star rating?
Are there any 4 star guesthouses in Cambridge?|Based on the criteria, there are no 4 star guesthouses that are expensive anywhere in Cambridge.
I do not want to stay in a guesthouse. I want to stay in a hotel please.|I have found two 4 star hotels that are in the expensive price range. One is located in the west, and the other Centre. Would you like more information?
I'm sorry.  The guesthouse would be my preference. It should be 4 star rated and in the town center. What's available that meets those specifications?|I'm sorry, there are not guesthouses that meet your criteria.  There is 1 guesthouse that is 4 stars in the cheap price range in that area of town.
Is there a possibly a hotel instead then?|Okay. I have the University Arms that is in the center, rated 4 stars and is in the expensive price range. Would you like me to book that for you?
Do they have free parking?|Yes of course they do, would you like a booking?
No, but can you give me the post code, please?|Yes, their postcode is cb21ad.  Is there anything else you would like to know?
Nope, that's it, thanks for your help!|Please let us know if we can help you in the future. Goodbye.
Hello, I am looking for places to go in the west? Can you help me?|Are you interested in a specific type of attraction?
Whatever is popular, but I would like it to be in the west area.|how about people's portraits exhibition at girton college?
What kind of attraction is that specifically please?|it's considered a museum.
Thank you. I also need to check on a train, please.|Where would you be departing from?  Also, where would you like to arrive?
I would like to depart from Cambridge and go to Bishops Stortford.|What day will you be traveling and do you have an arrival and departure time in mind?
I want to travel on Tuesday from Cambridge and arrive in Bishops Stortford by 16:45.|I have 6 trains leaving starting at 05:29 to 15:29.  What time would you like to depart?
I need to depart by 6:00 please.|TR2478 leaves Cambridge at 05:29 and arrives in Bishop Stortford at 06:07. Will that work for you?
NO! I said 16:45. Arrive by 16:45. Try again.|Could you please clarify the time that you could like to leave?
Departure time is not important as long as I get their by 16:45|TR8017 will arrive in bishops stortford by 16:07, does this suit your needs?
That's perfect, actually. I am going to need 7 tickets. Can you help with that as well?|Yes, I can. Should I make a booking for you?
Please book tickets for 7 people, please.|Okay I was able to book that and your reference number is IV9FL61A.
Thank you. Sorry for the confusion. Have a great day.|You too and thank you.
Could I book a train ticket, please?|Sure, I can help you with that. I will need to know what day and time and also where you will be traveling to by train.
The train should go to stevenage and should leave on friday. The train should depart from cambridge and should leave after 21:00|It seems there are 2 trains that fit your request. The TR8420 and the TR8575.
Great, I'll take the first one and please book it for 4 people please.|Sure thing! Your reference number for this booking is 9KVSMF6P. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thanks. I need to know about some places to go in town, too.|I would be happy to help with your request. What type of attraction are you looking for? There are theatres, cinemas, swimming pools, and nightclubs just to name a few.
How about multiple sports in the south part of time?|There are no multiple sports locations in the south part of town.
How about one that is in the type of Cinema|Cineworld Cinema is in the south part of town.
Where specifically? Can you give me the postcode?|The address for Cineworld Cinema is Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way. It also has the postcode of cb17dy. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I would like to go see a movie, but want to compare prices. how much is the Cineworld entrance fee?|The entrance fee is unknown as it depends on each movie.
Okay that is all I need today, thank you.|You are very welcome. Enjoy your stay.
Have a nice day.|Thank you. You as well.
I'm looking for a british restaurant in the east.|The Grafton Hotel Restaurant is a British restaurant on the east side of town and it is in the expensive price range. Would you be interested in booking a reservation there?
Yes, please book a table for 2 at 19:00.|Ok.  What day and time would you like me to book a table for 2 at the grafton hotel restaurant?
That should have been for 7 people at 18:00 on Wednesday. Sorry bout that.|Okay. 7 people at 18:00 on Wednesday at the gafton hotel restaurant. I will book a table for you.
Please do that.|Booking was successful they will hold the table for 15 minutes. The reference number is X4Q5EFX1. Do you need anything else?
I also need a train to Cambridge. Leaving after 13:00.|Yes where will you be leaving from?
I am actually leaving from Cambridge and going to Broxbourne.|Okay there are quite a few. When would you like to arrive by?
Anytime is fine, can I have a reference number?|I have booked you for TR5094, it leaves at 14:01, arrives at 15:01 and the cost is 17.90 pounds, the reference number is VMDV3HHZ
Great! I think that is all I need today. Thank you for all your help!|Thank you have a great day.
Thank you, you as well.|It's been a pleasure. Thanks for using our service. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a place to stay.  Can you help me find one?|There are many options for places to stay any preferences such as area or rating?
I'm looking to stay in a guesthouse that includes free wifi and it should have a star of 2.|Unfortunately we don't have anything that matches all of those requirements. Which are your top priorities?
Can you check instead for 3 stars?|I have three places. What area do you prefer to stay in?
I don't have a preference for the area. Can you recommend 1 of the 3? I need to book a room.|I would recommend the hamilton house in the north. When would you like to book a room for?
That sounds great. Lets see if you can book it for Tuesday for 2 people, 2 nights.|I was able to book you for Hamilton Lodge for 2 people and 2 nights.  Your Reference number is : 2SR5W0RP.  Can I help you with anything else?
I am also looking for a train on Thursday. I will be departing from Cambridge and traveling to Norwich.|We have many trains departing from Cambridge and arriving in Norwich on Thursday. Do you need a specific departure or arrival time?
I am looking to arrive no later than 12:45.  I have no preference for departure time.  Thank you.|I'd recommend TR7779, it departs at 10:36 and arrives by 11:55. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, I'll actually need 2 tickets please.|Booked! Total fee is 35.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number: 620VR2VS.
Thanks for all of your help!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
You have covered everything, thanks again.|enjoy your time with us!
I need a train on Sunday, arriving by 16:30, please.|What are your departure and arrival stations?
I will be departing from Leicester and arriving in Cambridge.|TR1492 arrives in Cambridge closest to your requested time, scheduled to arrive by 15:54, it departs leicester at 14:09.  Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes. I would like a booking for 3 people please.|I have successfully booked this train for you. You will be responsible for a 90.72 GBP fee payable at the station. Your reference number is GJ9R5F0E.
Ok, I also need a hotel in the moderate price range that's a guesthouse. Nothing else matters, just pick one.|I have many to choose from in that price range. Is there a preference for a part of town? And how many people and for how long will they be staying?
Actually, do any of them offer free WiFi?|Yes almost all of them accommodate free WiFi.  Is there any other preferences you would be interested in such as location, star rating and parking availability?
I do not have preferences for location, star rating, or parking availability. I need the booking for 3 people for 5 nights starting from Sunday.|I have confirmed your reservation at archway house starting Sunday for 5 nights. Your reference number is 5ZNJHYLP. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that is all thanks .|Great, thanks for using our services, have a great day.
Bye and have a great day.|have a great day!
Hi! I need to find a train to Ely. Can you find me one that doesn't leave until at least 17:30?|Yes, what day are you traveling?
I need to leave Cambridge on Tuesday.|We have 4 trains that fit that. Any specifics on arrival or departure times?
No. Please book one of for 6 people and let me know the reference number please.|I have booked you on TR7733,leave at 17:50,arrive 18:07,The reference number is : KN3TLBK8.
Thank you. I am also looking for places to go in town. Are there any architecture sights in the city centre?|Yes, I can recommend up to five different architecture attractions in the Centre area.  How about All Saints Church?
That sounds wonderful. Can you give me their address, phone number and postcode?|Of course - the address is Jesus Lane cb58bs and the phone number is 01223452587
Can you give me another idea -- just to have a choice?|Sure there are several churches in the area.  Holy Trinity church is interesting.  Also, if you are not interested in churches, old schools on Trinity Lane is nice.
I am interested in the old schools on Trinity Lane, can you give me the information of one?|Sure, Old Schools is located on Trinity Lane, their postcode is cb21tt and their phone number is 01223332320. Their entrance fee is free. Can I help you with any other information?
Nope, that's all I needed. You've been quite helpful.|Okay great, have a good day!
I'm looking to go to Cambridge and need an indian restaurant in the east.|I have several. I have two options that are moderately priced and two that are expensive. Did you have a preference on price range?
Price doesn't matter. What is your favorite?|I like Curry Prince, its on 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
Thanks! please make a reservation for 5 at 12:45 on saturday.|It was all booked, reference number is 44HT5TVB.
Great, thanks! Can you help me with train schedules too? I need to travel on the same day from Bishops Stortford.|There are a few trains that day depending on when you'd like to depart. How's 9:29 and arriving at 10:07?
Does that train head to cambridge?|Yes, it is 38 minutes of travel and costs 8.08 pounds; would you like to book a ticket?
Yes please.  Book it for Saturday for 5 people as well.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : JFGE7RPD. Is there anything else I can help with?
No that is all you done a great job thank you.|Thank you for contacting us and you have a great day.
What are my options for cheap restaurants in the city center?|There  are 15 options to choose from.  Is there a particular style of food you would like?
I don't have a style preference.|Well how about Asian oriental? I have several good but cheap options.
That sounds wonderful, can you book a table for 5 on Tuesday at 15:15?|Certainly! I have made a reservation at dojo noodle bar for the time specified and number of people in your party.  Enjoy the restaurant!
I'm looking for a Chinese restaurant.|There is a moderately priced one in the City Centre, a noodle bar.
Are there any in the north side of town?|I have three can I get you price range?
any price range is fine with me. please book for mea table for 8 peopleat 13:45 on friday. please get me  the reference number|Okay, I've booked a table for you and your guests at Haaka on Milton Road in Chesterton. Your reference number is U47769KH.
Thank you! I also need a train going to Broxbourne.|Sure, I can help you with that.  Where were you wanting to depart from?
i'm leaving from cambridge|a train leaves every hour from cambridge to broxbourne.  Is there a particular day and time you need?
I need to leave on Saturday.|What time do you need to arrive at your destination or depart?
I need to arrive at Broxbourne by 16:45|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I need to find a train that arrives at 12:30 on Wednesday.|Certainly. Could you tell me where you're departing from and traveling to?
I am departing from Birmingham new street and going to Cambridge.|I have seven trains available then, could you tell me what time you would like to leave ?
Yes I need to arrive in Cambridge by 12:30 please.|The TR3543 puts you into Cambridge at 12:23. Will that train work for you?
Yes, that will work. Can you book that train for 8 people? I will also need a reference number.|Certainly. I have you booked and your reference number is 47MBURBC.
Great! Thanks, that's all I need.|Thank you! Have a great day!
Thank you for all of your help!|Have a great day!
I want to book a train. I would like to depart from cambridge and arrive by 16:45|What is your destination?
The train should depart from cambridge and should arrive by 16:45. Going to Ely|What day will you be travelling?
I would like to go on Saturday.|How about TR8860?
Sure, I would like to book that train for 4 passengers.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 14.08 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : VX48ZGH0.
That's wonderful. I am all set. Thank you. Goodbye.|You're very welcome! Goodbye.
I'm looking for a train leaving after 19:00 departing from ely.|We have 21 trains coming form ely to cambridge this week, what day will you need that?
I need the train on Thursday.|We have 3 trains from Ely to Cambridge on Thursday leaving at 19:35, 21:35 and 23:35.
I think the 19:35 will work.  Can I book that for 3 people?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 13.2 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is AUHGVOLR. Will that be all for today?
We were looking to do something in the north, something with the boats. Any suggestions?|riverboat georgina is located in the north.
What's their address and postcode?|Their address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house, cb43ax. Will that be all?
Yes.  Thanks, all set.|You are welcome!  Enjoy your trip!
Much appreciated. Goodbye.|Thank you so much!
Hello, I'm looking for a place to stay that is moderately priced and a star rating of 0.|There are two places that match those requirements, one in the north and one in the city centre. Would you like to hear more about these?
Are you sure there aren't any in the south of town?|Sorry. There are no moderately-priced 0 star places in the south of town. Do you want to try some other criteria?
Could you try for the center part of town?|The cityroomz is a hotel in the centre part of town with a 0-rating in the moderate price range.  Can I reserve a room for you there?
Yes, I'd like to reserve it for 6 people for 4 nights starting Sunday, please.|The booking was successful. Your reference number is 3UKMLIWO.
I am also looking for a train into cambridge the same day please|What day would you like the train?
Sunday as well, please.|Sure, where will you be departing from, and do you have a departure or arrival time?
Yes, I need to leave Leicester after 11:00.  Heading to Cambridge for the day.|I would recommend TR8285. It leaves Leicester at 11:09 and arrives in Cambridge at 12:54.
Okay. Can you purchase tickets for me. There will 6 of us.|Your reservation was successful. Your reference number is SCKIYN5Q. You depart from Leicester at 11:09, arriving in Cambridge at 12:54. Would that be all for you today?
Yes. Thank you for your help.|It was a pleasure, thank you so much.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|Perfect! What would you like to know? Our history, our vision for the future, or perhaps just book a train or hotel room?
I will be needing a place to stay on the north side of town.|there are 13 places to stay in the north side of town. Do you have a price range?
no. give me recommendation.|acorn guest house is a great location.
Is it expensive with free wifi?|It is moderately priced.
Does it also include free wifi?|Yes, the wifi is included.
That sounds good, I would like to book that one.|When will you begin your stay?
book it for the same group of people and 2 nights starting from the same day.|Sure, which group of people and the same day as what?
Sorry. For 3 people, starting Monday.|I've successfully booked a room for your group, the reference number is 1IBWHB5J.
Thank you, that's all I need.|you are welcome
bye. have a good time.|If you need any further assistance, please let us know. Good-bye.
Really would like to find a place that serves Indian food in the North|I have the nirala whch is moderate priced and the royal spice which is cheap. Do you want to make a booking at one?
How about the cheap one?|Certainly, and on what day would you like to reserve a table at royal spice?
no i would like the postcode and address|Their address and postcode is Victoria Avenue Chesterton, cb41eh. Will that be all?
i am also looking for a train that goes to cambridge|Ok, where will you be coming from?
I'll be leaving Stevenage. I'd like to arrive by 19:45, if possible?|Ok, what day would you like to leave?
Would be traveling on Sunday.|There are 7 trains, starting at 05:54, and departing every two hours. The ride is 49 minutes long. Which train would you like? All get you there by 19:45.
I would like the first train.|Train TR1542 is the first train. Would you like me to book it?
That would be great. Ill need 6 tickets|Booking was successful, the total fee is 61.44 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 0U82YPD7.
Great, thank you! That's all that I need. Have a great day!|Have a nice day.
I'm looking for a train.  I need to leave from Cambridge on Tuesday and go to Leicester.|Do you have a time that you would like to leave by or arrive by?
Yes, I need to arrive by 8:45.|TR2950 will arrive at 08:06, would that work for you?
Yes, can I get 6 tickets please and I'll need the reference number too|the total fee is 226.8 GBP payable at the station and the reference number is : XYAOCTIY. May i help you with anything else.
I am also looking for a place to stay that has 4 stars and is in the centre.|We have two choices, alexander bed and breakfast which is in the cheap prince range and university arms hotel whic is in this expensive price range.
I do need free wifi included, so whichever of those has wifi is the best!|Actually, they both do offer free wifi and free parking. Alexander bed and breakfast is a guesthouse and the University Arms hotel is a hotel type. Do you have preference?
I'd prefer a hotel. Can you book that for 6 people and 3 nights?|Which day would you like to check in?
Starting saturday, either place is fine if available.|The booking did not go through, can you book another day or a shorter stay?
Yes, could you try for a stay of 1 night?|I was able to make a reservation for Saturday night at University Arms Hotel for 6 people. Your reference number is 7XXHIROP. Is there anything else you need today?
That is all I need.  Thank you for your help!  Goodbye!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I am looking to stay at a guesthouse that has a 3 star rating.|There are four three star guest houses. Is there an area of town that interests you the most?
I would like it to be in the west. It doesn't matter if it has free parking or not. Thank you!|There is the hobsons house. Would you like me to book it?
Yes. Let's book it.|ok for how long and how many people please
For 3 days and 2 people,I need a confirmation number too|and what day do you need the reservation for?
I need it for Sunday.|Your booking was successful! Your reference number is EV4ADBI9.
I want a train that goes to peterborough and leaves after 13:00|The next train is the TR0545 leaving cambridge at 13:06. Would you like me to book it or more information?
Does it leave on Monday?|Train TR3154 leaves cambridge at 13:06 and will arrive at peterborough at	13:56 on Monday. Would you like me to book a ticket?
I am looking for a train departung after 8:30 from Ely.|I have found several trains that you can use. What is your destination?
The train should go to Cambridge on Tuesday|TR4669 leaves ely at 09:35 and arrives in Cambridge at 09:52.  How does that sound?
Sounds great.  Can you book 5 seats for me?|Yes, your booking was successful. Your reference number is RCJDH5J4
Thanks Can you help me find a hotel called the university aims no university arms hotel.|I have a hotel called university arms hotel located in the centre.  Would you like to make reservations?
Yes, for 2 nights for 5 people on the same day|Booking was successful. Reference number is : ZQ6OOE4Y
Thanks for all your help.  That's all I need today.|It was my pleasure. Good day ma'am. Goodbye.
I need a trip going to Cambridge and arrive by 11:00|Where are you leaving from?
I am leaving from Norwich|We have many trains that meet that criteria. Can you tell me what day you are looking to travel on?
Of course, I will be traveling on Tuesday.|There are five entries meeting your specifications! They leave every hour starting at 05:16 to 09:16. Which would you like?
Please pick one and book it for 8 people.|8 tickets are booked for TR4134 Norwich to Cambridge. Departing 9:16 arriving 10:35. Total fee is 140.8 GB payable at the station. Reference #X1F43YH3. Anything else?
I am also looking for any colleges in town. Can you name me any?|We have 18 colleges in town. Did you have an area or entrance fee in mind?
Nah, not really. Can you just give me the postcode for your favorite one?|Christ's College is widely praised. Their postcode is cb23bu. Can I help with anything else today?
thats all i need thanks|The pleasure was all mine, have a great day!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|Please provide more specifics so I can help you.
Can I get some information on milton country park?|Yes, it's free admission and address is milton country park, milton and post code is cb46az.
Can you tell me what area Milton Country Park is in and what the entrance fee is?|It's in the north and has free entry. Will that be all?
I also need a train for Saturday, traveling from Cambridge to Norwich and I'd like to arrive by 12:15.  Can you help with that?|There are 6 trains matching your request that leave starting at 05:36 each hour until 10:36. Do you have a preference as to the train you want?
No. Just one that can fit 5 people.|Okay how about the TR9588. It leaves at 10:36 and arrives by 11:55.
Sounds great. Please book and provide me with a reference number.|Here is your refrence number XXSU6ZFV. The price is 70.40pounds
Thank you so much. That's all I need today. Good-bye.|Thank you for using our service!
Can you help me find a train going to cambridge that arrives by 18:30?|Okay, I think I can help you. Where will be coming from?
I will be departing kings lynn.|The TR3677 arrives at 17:58. Would you like to book it?
Yes for 2 people on a Tuesday please. And I would like the reference number.|I'm going with TR5793 since you are travelling on Tuesday arriving at the same time. The total fee is 19.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 4NLGW7WM.
Thanks so much. Can you also help me look for the Carolina Bed and Breakfast?|Carolina Bed and Breakfast is in the East, it is a guesthouse in the moderate price range. Would you like to book a room?
Yes please. Two nights from Tuesday for two people.|I got your room booked at the Carolina Bed and Breakfast. Your reference is FYLDIZUF. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a room for the same group of people for 1 night on the same day. And I need the reference number then too please|Ok I will book it for you
I need to book a train to leicester that leaves after 08:15.|I have a lot of options that leave after that time. Where are you departing from?
I'm leaving from Cambridge on Wednesday.|What time would you like to arrive by?
I would like to arrive by 10:00.|The earliest I can get you there is 11:06. That train leaves at 09:21. Would you like me to book you a seat?
Yes, please book and send me a reference number.|I am sorry that train is booked. Is there another time you can depart?
So when is the next earliest you could get me there?|Shall we try the Train that leaves at 7:21? This train will get you into Leicester by 9:06.
Yes please and I will need the reference number.|That booking was successful.  You will depart from cambridge on TR3093 at 7:21 and arrive in leicester at 9:06.  Your reference number is UCSPFCVI.  anything else?
Yes can you find me a good college to visit in the west?|I am looking at 5 different options for colleges in the west, is there anything else you can tell me about what you are looking for?
If you can recommend 1 of the 5 and provide me with the address and phone number please.|I recommend queens' college, located at silver street. Their phone is 01223335511.
How much does it cost to get into Queens' College?|The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds. Is there anything else I can help with?
Could you also get me the address and phone number?|Queens' college is on silver street. Phone is: 01223335511
Great, thank you!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Let me just check my notes...No! I think I have everything I need. Thank you so much for your help!|Thank you for calling!
Can you help me find a 4 star hotel to stay at that has free wifi? Thanks.|I have three hotels that have those requirements.  I have 2 expensive and one cheap in pricing. Which would you be interested in?
That doesn't matter as long as I'm in the east part of town.|I'm sorry. There are no hotels matching that criteria in the area you are interested in.
Can you please check again? Hopefully, there was just an error in inputting the information into the search system. Thanks|I am sorry there is still no match coming up for your criteria. Would you like to try a different part of town?
Can you check for a guesthouse with those requirements mentioned above?|Yes, there are 6 options. What is your price range?
I really don't have a price range in mind.  I'm still not sure I want to stay in a guesthouse, hotels are so much better for me.|i recommend leverton house phone 0122392094
Ok, I guess we can book that one then. There will be 3 of us staying 4 nights, starting sunday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : KXCIX1QH. Can I help with anything else today?
No, that'll be it.  Thanks for the help.|Great. Thank you for calling. I hope you have a wonderful trip. Goodbye.
I need to book a train for Monday from Ely to Cambridge to arrive by 14:00 for 6 people.|What time would you like to leave by?
Anytime as long as i arrive by 14:00. Can you provide me with a reference number after booking?|Great.  I booked six tickets on TR4095 departing at 11:35 and arriving in cambridge at 11:52.  Your confirmation number is W6PWPYOP.
That is all I needed, good day to you.|Have a great day!
I'm looking for a train going to leicester leaving after 18:15.|Okay! From where are you departing?
I'll be leaving Cambridge on Tuesday.|There is a train leaving Leicester at 18:21 and heading for Cambridge. Would you be interested in this one?
No thanks, I need one going from Cambridge to Leicester. Are there any that meet my needs?|My mistake. It does depart from cambridge to leicester at 18:21. Would you like a ticket?
Yes please for 1 person.|Your ticket is booked on TR0776 from cambridge to leicester on Tuesday at 18:21. The confirmation number is IH9JZWAI.
Thank you. I'm also looking for a place to stay in the east with free parking.|I have several options. Do you have a price range in mind?
The hotel should be in the moderate price range.|I would recommend the warkworth house.
Great. I need to make a reservation for Saturday.|ok, how many days and guests?
It will be 2 nights and for 1 person.|There is one hotel in the east. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. I would like it for one person for 2 nights.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 1RC02K68
that will be it for now. thanks|Please feel free to call again if we can help in any other way. Have a great day! Goodbye.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|Sure. What would you like to know ?
I need a train going from Cambridge to Kings Lynn on Sunday.|I would be happy to help. Those trains leave every hour, starting at 05:11.  How early do you want to depart?
anything after 13:00 please|I have the TR8241 leaving at 13:11. Will that work?
That's perfect please make a booking for 5 and then let me have the reference number. Also can you help me find an architecture attraction?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 20RFDCGC.
Can you help me find an architecture attraction to visit?|Yes, I can help with that. There are 5 attractions in the center of Cambridge, 4 are churches and the other is an old school. 4 are free and 1 costs 2 pounds. Do you have any preferences or would you simply like a random recommendation?
Just give me a recommendation please.|all saints church is very nice can I give you information on that one?
Yes please, what area of town is it in?|It is in the centre and it's free.
Sounds great.  That is all I needed.  Bye.|Okay perfect. Have a great day, goodbye.
I'm looking for a local restaurant to dine at that serves english food and is moderately priced.|Oh no!  There no english restaurants that I can find right now.  Would something else work?
I'm looking for something with a moderate price range near the centre.|Like I aid there are no listings for english food,another type of food?
Are there any restaurants that serve british food?|There are four restaurants that serve British food near the centre that are moderately priced. Do you want more information on these restaurants?
Yea can you recommend one and get my the phone number please?|it is called restaurant one seven and there phone number is 01223337766
i'm also looking for a train.|Where would you be departing from and when would you like to leave?
Im leaving Cambridge at 11:00|What is your destination?
nevermind, i'm going to cambridge not from it. i'm leaving from norwich|I have booked you on TR8662 which leaves Norwich at 11:16 on Friday and takes 79 min to get to Cambridge for 17.60 pounds. Reference R42CEKG8
Actually, I am traveling on Tuesday. I need to leave after Norwich after 15:45. I need a booking for 7 people.|So you want to cancel the other booking?
No i will keep it|Okay thank you for calling.
Actually, sorry. Do cancel the other booking because I didn't ask for it. Make the booking for 7 people on a train leaving after 15:45 from norwich to cambridge on tuesday|Your tickets have been booked. Your new reference number is 8XIKH0Z9.
Perfect. Sorry about all the confusion and thanks for your help. Have a great day.|Glad to have been of help. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day
I'm wondering if there are any boat attractions in town?|There are 4 boat attractions in town.  What part of town would you prefer?
It doesn't matter what area, I just need a phone number and postcode for one please.|I would recommend the riverboat georgina. The phone number is 01223902091 and the postcode is cb43ax. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train for Tuesday.|What are your departure and arrival stations, and what time of day would you like to travel?
I would like to leave by 17:00|Do you need to arrive by a certain time?
No as long as it leaves any time after 13:00 for 6 please and I need the reference number|I have a number of trains available, what is your place of departure and your destination, please?
I am leaving from Ely and departing at 5.|Could you please retstate when you would like to leave and arrive by?
I'm so sorry. I need to leave Cambridge after 13:00 on Tuesday and I'm going to Ely. I need 6 tickets.|I booked you for 6 tickets on the 15:50 train that arrives in Ely at 16:07. your reference number for the journey is 3QK3PKJT.
Thank you for all your help!|I am glad I could help. Have a good day and a fun trip!
Thank you. Bye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Have a great day!
I'm looking for places to go in the west of town.|What type of place are you looking for?
Anything is fine, just be sure and let me know if there is an entrance fee.|Queens' college is great. The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I need a train to stevenage on thursday.|Where are you heading out of? And what time are we looking at?
I am departing cambridge leaving after 17:15|How does the 17:21 departure on the TR4765 sound?
That's great I need to make a booking for 6 people|Sure! I have placed a booking for 6 people on the train departing Cambridge to Stevenage at 17:21. The total cost of travel is 78.8 pounds. Your confirmation number is 3UASOJDN.
Perfect! Thank you!|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that will be all, you have been very helpful. Thank you.|You're welcome. Good-bye.
Can you check if there are any moderately priced restaurants in the centre of town?|Yes, there are several. Do you prefer Asian or British food?
i will do modern european food|Okay we have the de luca cucina and bar and the riverside brasserie. Which one would you like?
Let's do the riverside brasserie. What about a table for 3 at 15:00 on Saturday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : TYDEG9IJ.
Great I also need a train that should depart cambridge and head to ely.|Sure, what day do you want to travel?
I would like to leave on a Sunday.|Do you have a preferred time frame ?
I want to arrive by 11:15.|TR3177 will arrive by 10:07 and leaves at 09:50 would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. Include the reference number please|You are set, the total fee is 3.52 GBP payable at the station, your Reference number is WVJC995L.  May I help with anything else?
No that is all. Thank you. Goodbye|Ok. Thank you. Goodbye.
I need a place to stay. Find me a hotel with free wifi.|Boom!!  We have gonville hotel.  Need me to book a room?
That would be great, do you know what the price range is?|The Gonville is expensive.
Does that have a 5 star rating?|No, only 3 stars.
I was hoping for something with at least 4 stars.|I have 3 hotels that meet that criteria. All are 4 star rated and offer free parking and free internet. I have 2 in the west and 1 in the centre.
I want to book for 2 people and 3 nights starting Sunday.|I'll be more than happy to help you book a room as soon as you tell me what part of town you prefer.
I don't have a preference for side of town.|Huntingdon marriott hotel comes highly recommended, shall I book your room there?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|Your booking for Sunday at the Huntingdon Marriot Hotel has been booked. Your reference number is KKV2OAGC.
Great I also need a train please.|Can you tell me your departure and destination locations please?
I'm going from cambridge to broxbourne after 20:00 on monday.|There's a train at 20:01 that will get you to Broxbourne at 21:01. Would you like to book passage?
Yes, two tickets please|Great, you're all set. Your reference number is : LEX7I9AY. Anything else I can help with today?
No thanks. You've been very helpful. Take care. Goodbye.|You are welcome. Goodbye.
I am looking for a restaurant in the cambridge area that serve cuisine for a moderate price.|Yippee noodle bar at 40428 King Street City Centre meets your needs.  Would you like a booking?
I need the place to serve a Turkish food. I'll need an address and post code also.|I have two that serve Turkish food, both in the moderate price range: Anatolia and Efes Restaurant. Would you like addresses for both?
Yes please. I'm also looking for a train if you can help me with that.|Of course, where is the departure from? And at what time?
I'll need to leave from kings lynn sometime after 21:15.|The first train out of kings lynn after your specified time is TR0672, leaving at 22:11.
Ok I'd like to book 7 tickets for monday. And can I get the reference number?|That has been booked. The reference number is RJFFMS3C. Anything else I can do for you?
Great, thank you! That is everything I needed.|Your welcome.  Please let us know if we can be of assistance in the future.
I am looking for a train leaving Cambridge.|We have quite a few, I'm sure we'll be able to get you where you want to go. Where is that, exactly?
I would like to go to leicester and leave on friday.|I have quite a few trains that fit your criteria. Is there a certain time you need to leave or arrive by?
Departing from cambridge and I want to arrive somewhere around 20:00, can you get me 7 tickets and I'll need the reference number too.|The TR2508 arriving at 19:06 sound okay to you?
That sounds great, thank you. Could you book that for me for 7 people? I will need the reference number as well.|I completed your booking. The reference number is C11MOBV7. Is there anything else I could help you with?
Yes , I also need to find a place to stay. Preferably 4 stars and a guesthouse.|Sure! Our database contains 18 guesthouses rated 4 stars. To narrow down the search, could you tell me in what part of town you'd like to stay?
I definitely want to stay in the east part of town.|I have six entries matching your request.  Would you prefer cheap or moderate price range?
The price range doesn't matter, but could you pick one and book it for 3 nights for 7 people starting Tuesday?|I'm sorry.  There are no rooms available for that stay.  Can you choose a different day or shorter stay?
How about 1 night?|I was able to book the A and B Guest House for 1 night.  Booking was successful. Reference number is : 995PR933.
thank you, you've been quite helpful|Glad to help. Have a lovely day.
I need a train to birmingham new street that leaves after 9:00.|Sure what is the departure site?
I will be leaving from Cambridge.|The TR3732 leaves at 09:01 and arrives at 11:44, would that work?
Yes, that would work just fine. Can I get 1 ticket please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station. The reference is SU39QA9K.
Awesome. I'm looking for a concert hall in the south too.|Unfortunately, I do not happen to have any concerthalls in the south. Would you like to try another area or different type of attraction?
How about a park?|There is Wandlebury Country Park in the south.
That sounds lovely. What is the postcode and entrance fee?|The postal code is cb223ae.  And great news!  There is no entrance fee.  Can I help you with anything else today?
That was all I needed. Thank you!|You are very welcome. Have a wonderful trip!
Is there a place to stay in the north area of town? Can it have free wifi access too?|There are 10 guesthouses and 2 hotels that meet your criteria. Are you interested in any particular price range?
I'd like a guesthouse, please. a 4 star rating is a must.|They archway house may be a good option.
Do they have free parking?|Yes they have free parking.
Can I have the phone number and what is the price range?|The price range of Archway House is moderate and their phone number is 01223575314. Would you like any more information? I can book you a room if you would like.
No thanks. But can you help me find a train into Cambridge for Wednesday please?|Where will you leave from?
Ely is where I will be leaving from.|What time would you like to leave and arrive?
I'm sorry, I will actually be leaving Norwich. I need to arrive by 21:15.|i have train tr8658 that will arrive at 20:35. did you need any tickets?
No thank you that will be all|Okay, have a great day!
I need help finding a train. It needs to be going to Cambridge and should arrive by 20:30.|There is one leaving from Londons king vross the refernce number is VURC2CKA
I need to leave on Tuesday.  Does that one leave on Tuesday?|There is a train that leaves from birmingham new street on tuesday that arrives at cambridge at 20:23. Shall I book this for you?
No, I need to leave from Leicester.|Very well. What time would you like to leave?
I don't care, just make sure i can be there by 20:30.|TR0363 departs leicester at 09:09 and arrives in cambridge at 10:54 on Tuesday. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes I need three seats on the train please.|Great I got you three seats on that train for a total cost of 113.40 pounds. Your reference number is BG6NO020.
Okay That is all I need.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!
I'm looking for a train please.|There are several trains where are you going?
I am going to Cambridge from Leicester.  I am planning to leave on Sunday and I need to be there by 11:45.|If you take the TR1079 at 9:09 you can arrive in Cambridge by 10:54. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, that sounds great. I would like to  book the train for 7 people. What is the reference number?|there is the reference number TR4106
Thank you for your help|Thank you for using our services. Do you need any further assistance?
That is all I needed.  Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a nice day and please call us again!
Wait, I don't think that's a valid reference number.|35VBB0LK if your reference numbers, what else may I help you with?
Great. Nothing else. Thanks, again. Goodbye for now.|most welcome and safe journey
Do you have any trains leaving after 15:00 on Thursday?|Yes, there are many.  What is your destination?
My destination is Norwich departing from Cambridge.|TR8604 leaves at 15:36, would this one work for you?
Yes, that would be find. I'll need to book tickets for 7 people. Can I have the reference number please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 123.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : KSHHCWCE.
Thank you! Can you help me find somewhere to eat now?|Sure, I can help you with that. Do you have a preference in food type or price range?
Yes, do you have a place that serves corsican food? I also need it to be on the cheap side.|No, unfortunately, I do not have any cheap Corsica restaurants. Would you like to look for another restaurant?
Bummer! I guess I'll try some asian oriental food then|I have two that fit your criteria!  Dojo Noodle Bar, and J Restaurant are both in the city centre area.  Do you have a preference?
can you suggest one and I need the address, postcode and their phone number too please|I'd recommend the Dojo Noodle Bar. The address is 40210 Millers Yard City Centre. The postcode is cb21rq. The phone number is 01223363471.
Wonderful! I think that's all I need for now, thank you so much for your help!|You're welcome, have a great day!
I want to find a hotel located in the west please.|Is there anything else you want in a hotel?
Yes please. I would like for it to include free wifi.|I have found a number of hotels with internet, what is your price range?
I want the most expensive one.|I think you'll be happy with the Huntington Marriott Hotel.  The phone number is: 01480446000. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, can you please book me a room for 4 people for 5 nights starting Saturday.|Ok, I have 4 people booked at the Huntingdon Marriott for 5 days beginning on Saturday. Your reference number should you need it is 8DNV0JBG. Can I assist with anything else?
Yes.  I am looking to go to london Kings cross on thursday via train.  Is this something you can assist with?|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Cabridge.|There are trains to Kings Cross every 2 hours, on the hour. Is there a certain time you had in mind?
I need the train to leave after 16:45.|TR1791 leaves at 17:00. it is the earliest. will that be fine with you?
Sure. What is the cost and what time will it arrive?|The price is 23.60 pounds and you will arrive at 17:51.
thankyou so much|Thank you for using our service today!
I need a train into Cambridge that will arrive by 14:30.|I can help you with that.  Can you tell me what your departure location will be?
Yes, I'll be leaving Leicester on Tuesday.|I have a train that arrives at 13:54. How many seats would you like?
I'd like 3 if possible and also need the reference number.|I was able to book you those 3 seats and your reference number is J3B2D19H.
Thanks! What can you tell me about the parks in town?|We have five fantastic parks located in the centre, east, north, and south. I suggest Milton Country Park. It has free entrance. Would you like more information?
What is the address and phone number?|The address is milton country park, milton and the phone number is 01223420060. Do you need anything else?
Yes what is the entrance fee?|The entrance is free to Milton Country Park!
Wonderful thank you so much for your help!|Can I help you with anything else today.
I think that is all for today. Thank you.|Thank you for using our system!
I'm looking for a train leaving after 15:30 from cambridge.|There are over 623 trains leaving then. Where will you be going to?
london liverpool street and should leave on monday|TR3602 departs at 15:59 Monday and arrives at London Liverpool street by 17:27. Does this suit your needs?
That sounds great.  Can you book that for 6 people for me?|Sure! I have 6 people booked for monday with reference number 3EBQSQSC and a total of 99.6 GBP. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm also looking for a recommendation on a hotel with free parking in the north.|Do you have a price range?
Yes, I'd like to keep it cheap, please. I do need free wifi, though.|I have listings for two,city centre north b and b and worth house.
Let's go with City Centre North B and B. I need to book for 6 people, 2 nights, and starting on Saturday, please.|Yes. Your reservation was successful. The booking number is 4H91C8I3.
thank you that will be all|Have a great day!
Can you help me find a place to eat?|What sort of food are you looking to eat?
I'm looking for an expensive indiian restaurant in the west part of town.|There are 5 options to choose from, I recommend the tandoori palace. Would you like me to make reservations for you?
That sounds great. I need a table for 1 on Wednesday at 19:45.|Your booking was successful. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is DGO6TW9S.
Okay I also need a train that leaves on Thursday.|Sure where are you departing from?
I need to get to London Liverpool Street by 09:00.|Ok, your best bet to get from cambridge to liverpool street is TR4127, leaving at 05:59, arriving at 07:27. Would you like me to book a seat?
Yes for 1 person. i'll also need the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : QGJMVZR4. anything else?
That will be all. Thank you for your help!|Great. Have a nice trip. Good bye.
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|Sure I can help you. What kind of information were you looking for?
I am wondering if you have any restaurants in town that serve eriterean food.|Yes, there are three restaurants that serves Mediterranean food.
Umm, actually I had asked about Eriterean food, not Mediterranean.|we got none that serves that kind of food. will you change the kind of food?
No, I really want Mediterranean food.|Okay I have three restaurants serving this. Would you like me to choose one for you?
Yes please do.|I like the gardenia.  Need me to make a reservation?
Yes for 2 people on monday at 12:15 please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : K8YAC7SK. Can I help with anything else?
I also need help finding a train going to Cambridge|Okay! From where?
I need to leave from birmingham new street|Great, what day and time do you prefer?
Monday and I'll need to arrive by 08:30 in Cambridge.|The first train leaves at 5:40.
What time does it arrive?|it will arrive by 08:23. is that fine with you?
Yes that will work. I need 2 tickets for monday please.|what day will you be travavelling
Monday. As I said before, 2 tickets for Monday.|I have booked two seats on TR3888  arriving in Cambridge at 08:23. Reference number is : 5DPBKIY1.  Can I be of further assistance?
No, that will be all for today.|excellent, have a great day!
I'm looking for a train on Tuesday to arrive in Cambridge by 19:00, can you help me please?|Sure! Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from Cambridge.|I'm sorry,I'm confused. You are leaving from Cambridge to go to Cambridge?
No.  I am leaving from Cambridge to go to Broxbourne.|Train TR0189 arrives at 18:01. Should I reserve tickets for that one?
Sure please make a booking for 4 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 71.59 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : V7H3P3G7. anything else?
Yes, I am looking for a 2-star hotel in the west part of town.|There are no 2 star hotels in the west part of town. Would you like to expand the search to 2 star hotels in other parts of the city?
Will you check to see if there are any in the north?|I have the lovell lodge it is located in the north and is moderately priced with 2 stars.  Would you like to reservations there?
sure, for the same group of people on sunday|Ok and I need a reference number please
i'm looking for a moderately priced hotel that includes free wifi.|There are 3 hotels in the moderate price range with free internet. Do you want free parking and what area do you want to stay in?
I'd like the accommodations to be a guesthouse, if possible.|I have found 14 different guesthouses for you. What area are you interested in? and will you be needing parking?
I need a guesthouse in the moderate price range with free wifi. Please let me know whether they have free parking.|The Avalon is a guesthouse at 62 gilbert road with free wifi but no parking.  Would you like to book them or keep looking?
can you tell me what area that's in?|A and B Guesthouse is in the east
I am looking for a train that goes to london liverpool street and leaves after 17:15.|I can certainly help you with that. Which day did you have in mind to travel?
I want to leave on Friday.|Unfortunately, the only train I have matching your criteria is one leaving 23:59 and arriving at 01:27 in the morning. Did you want to book that?
Yes that's fine. I'll take 8 tickets for that train please.|Alright, your train tickets have been booked and the reference number is NFA1DPXI. The train ID is TR3138. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope, that is everything. Thank you so much!|Have a great day!
Can I catch a train to Cambridge?|You sure can! Where will you be traveling from, and on what day?
I am leaving Peterborough on Sunday and I need to arrive by 10:15.|When do you want to arrive by?
I need to arrive by 10:15.|TR0774 arrives closest to that time, it will arrive by 10:09. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes, please. I only need one ticket.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 13.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 676ITDRH. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes, I am going to need a place to stay while I'm in town.Can you recommend a guesthouse in the south?|What price range would you like?
I want to keep it in the moderate range please|Sure, I would recommend the Aylesbray Lodge guesthouse. It is 4 stars, includes wifi, parking and is in the moderate range. Would you like me to book it?
I actually want a hotel with 3 stars if possible|The bridge guesthouse is in the south with 3 stars. They have internet and parking. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Can I please have their phone number?|Sure there phone number is 01223247942. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all. good bye.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I am looking for a train that departs from Cambridge on Thursday.|There's a train that leaves at 9 am and arrives at 9:51 am. Is that good?
No, I actually need to leave after 12:00.|Okay, and what is your destination?
I need to go to ely after 12:00.|I have a train that leaves Ely on Thursday at 13:50 and arrives by 14:07. Would you like to book tickets?
Yes, that would be great. Can you book tickets for 7 people please. And I'll need a reference number for it.|Booked! Your reference number is UCT2SJ8W. Fee is 30.8, paid at the station. Anything else.
No thank you. That is all.|Okay great. Glad I could be of assistance.
Find me train times from cambridge to london liverpool street.|Which day would you be traveling?
Wednesday, please. Any time after 08:00.|I have train TR5874 that leaves at 09:59 and arrives in London Liverpool Street at 11:27. Would that suit your needs?
Yes, I would like a ticket just for myself.|I have booked the seat and here is the information-Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : E770Z8W7.
Thank you. Please also find me a moderately priced hotel on the West side|Yes, Hobson's House matches your request. Would you like me to book a room for you?
check first if it has  free parking and should have a star of 4|It fits that criteria.
Okay, go ahead and book a room. It's just for me.|How many nights would you like?
Please book for 2 nights, for 1 person starting on Monday.|I'm sorry, but the hobsons house is a 3 star guesthouse.
Can you please help me find a cheap hotel to stay in that includes free wifi?|The Cambridge Belfry is the only cheap hotel in town that has free wifi. It's in the west side of town at back lane, cambourne. Do you want a reservation?
I would like a little more information about the Belfry hotel. does it have a 4 star rating?|Yes, it does have a four star rating. Would you like to book a room?
No but what is the address?|The Cambridge Belfry is located at Back Lane, Cambourne.  Can I help you with something else?
No thank you that will be all|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
Hello! I'm looking for a train. Can you help?|I'd be happy to help with your request, first I'll need to know where you are departing/arriving and what day will you be departing?
I'll be leaving Leicester on Wednesday and I need to arrive in Cambridge by 21:30.|Train TR2052 leaves Cambridge at 19:09 and arrives in Leicester at 20:54. Would you like me to book you a ticket or would you prefer something earlier?
Yes, please book that train for 5 people.|Your booking went great! Here is your reference number XGBQHC6Y. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay, preferably somewhere with free wifi.  Can you assist me with that?|Yes, I can help with that. Are you staying at in a specific area of town and do you have a price range in mind?
I ned it to be a hotel in the west please.|I would recommend the 4 star Hungtington Marriott Hotel. It does have free parking and internet. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please book the hotel for 5 people starting Wednesday for 4 nights.|Booking was successful your reference number is : ZK23HSL9. Can I help you with anything else?
No, I think that's all for today. You've been a great help. Thanks. Goodbye.|Thank you goodbye
I need to find a train going to cambridge from london kings cross.|There are 70 trains meeting those requirements. What day of the week are you leaving?
I need to leave on Saturday and arrive by 17:00.|I have a train that fits your criteria Saturday, it leaves at 05:17 and arrives at 06:08. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, I need to arrive by 5:00 no 6:00 can you check the schedule again?|I have a train that arrives at 16:08. Is that what you are looking for?
I need to arrive in Cambridge by 17:00.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 18.88 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 8602X6OE.
Thank you for your help|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you.|OK. Sorry for the confusion about the times. If you need help with anything else just let us know.
I want to get a place to eat in the north.|Saigon City, which is Asian oriental cuisine and is expensively priced, Golden Wok is Chinese and moderately priced. And Royal Spice is Indian food and cheap.
I would like one in the moderate price range.|I have the golden wok, which is chinese or the nirala which serves indian. Would you like to make a booking at one?
No. Just get me the Golden Wok's phone number and address please and I'll take it from there|Okay, their address is 191 Histon Road Chesterton and their phone number is 01223350688. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. I also need a train that will leave Cambridge on Saturday. I want it to arrive at 12:30 to Ely.|okay, the TR0721 leaves at 11:50 and arrives at 12:07. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes, please! I will need a booking for 6 people.|I will work on getting this booked and be right back with you.
thank you. can i please get the refrence number?|You're all set. TR0721 leaves cambridge on saturday at 11:50 and arrives in ely at 12:07. Your total is 21.12 GBP and your Reference number is : 9SI6A16E.
Thank you very much. This is all I need for now.|Your welcome, have a great day!
I'm looking for a train on Sunday that leaves after 17:15.|What are your departure and arrival destinations?
I'll be leaving from cambridge and heading to stansted airport.|Ok there are 7 choices. Is there a particular time you'd like to arrive at your destination?
not really, it just needs to leave after 17:15.|There are plenty of choices starting at 17:40 and leaving every hour onwards. Do you want me to book it?
Yes, book it for 7 people at 17:40|Booking was made, ref number is 6QWLFWW5! Do you need anything more?
thats all, see ya!|have a safe trip, bye.
I need a train to Cambridge, leaving from the Birmingham New Street station.|I have a train leaving from Cambridge on Friday leaving on 05:40 and arriving at 08:23. The ride is 163 minutes.
I need a train leaving on Thursday at 10:45|When could you like to arrive?
Anytime is fine as long as I leave after 10:45. I'll need a booking for 6 people and a reference number.|I suggest TR2613. It'll get you there the soonest after 10:45 but not soon enough to where time is tight. It is 450.6 GBP and the reference no. is 5VNL3K87
I will take it. Also, I am looking for a place that serves thai food in the west area.|Sala Thong is on the west side- it is on the expensive side.
Thank you, that sounds just right.|Great. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
could you give me the address, postcode, and phone number please?|They are found on 35 Newham Road Newham, their postcod is cb39ey and their number is 01223323178.
Thank you that is all I need today.|You are more than welcome. Have a wonderful afternoon.
I'm hoping you can help me find a restaurant.|sure, what kind of cuisine are you looking for?
I'd like Persian food.|I'm sorry I have no restaurants serving Persian food.
Okay how about chinese food?|There are a lot of chinese restaurants in town. Do you have a preference on area or price range?
Any type is fine can you just give me the postcode of it?|Rice House is in the center, is cheap, and post code is cb12bd.
i am also looking for a train. The train should leave on sunday and should go to bishops stortford. The train should depart from cambridge and should arrive by 17:30.|Okay the TR3600 leaves at 15:26 and arrives by 16:07.
That's perfect. Can you book for 4 people please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 32.32 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 4YOCRING.
Thank you. That is all the information I need.|Is there anything else that I can assist you with today?
No thank you that will be all|Thanks for using our services, have a lovely day.
I'm looking for a train going to norwhich from cambridge.|I've got 133 scheduled between Cambridge and Norwich. What day of the week are you planning to travel?
I would like to leave on Tuesday.|We have quite a few results. Is there a specific time you'd like to leave or arrive by?
There are 7 people in my party and we'd like to leave after 16:15 on Tuesday. I'll need a reference number, please.|Alright, the booking was successful, the total fee is 123.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is: KFMNIOGF.
Thank you so much. We also need a cheap place to stay. Can you help with that?|Is there a part of the city you would like to stay in?
I'm looking for a place to stay with free wifi. Find me a hotel like that with a star of 4.|Okay. Would you like to stay on the west side of town, or the centre?
I would like to stay in the south please.|I'm sorry but I don't have any hotels that match your criteria in that area, would you like to try another part of town?
Can you double check for a 4 star, south area hotel with free wifi and parking please?|I have 2 guesthouses matching your requirements, one cheap and one moderate. I recommend the moderately-priced Aylesbray Lodge.
Okay, thanks. I'm also looking for a train for Friday.|We have 2,828 entries for a train.  Could you narrow it down to what you need?
How much does it cost to take the bus in Cambridge?|Where will you be traveling to?
I will be traveling to london.|The rate for a trip from Cambridge to london kings cross ranges from 18.88 pounds to 23.60 pounds depending on the day of travel.
I am also looking for a hotel in the west side of Cambridge. Can you help me?|There are a few to choose from.  Do you prefer a hotel or a guesthouse?
I want a hotel on the west side that doesn't have to include internet. If no internet, what about free wifi?|Unfortunately there are no hotels meeting your criteria. Would you like me to look in another part of town?
Are you sure that there are no hotels on the west side of town? With or without internet?|There are four. Do you have a price range in mind?
I'm looking for a train departing from london liverpool street leaving on thursday.|There are 10 trains leaving fro Liverpool Street on Thursday. Did you have a departure time in mind?
Yes, I don't want to leave for Cambridge until 15:00 at the earliest.|Okay, the TR8944 leaves at 15:39 and arrives by 17:07. Would you like me to book tickets for you?
Yes, for 6 people.|Okay I have booked you and your reference number is WLUOQKEV.
Thank you. I also need a hotel in the south.|What price range are you interested in?
No price range but I do want a 4 start.|rosa's bed and breakfast is in the cheap price range
That sounds great. I'll need a reservation for 6 people for 4 nights on Thursday.|I've gone ahead and booked that for you. Your Reference number is : EUZ34KY9. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that takes care of everything I need. Thanks!|Do you need a taxi?
I don't need a taxi, thanks for asking|then thanks for inquiring with us.
Goodbye, and thanks again.|Sure thing.  Thanks for letting us help you today!
I need to find a particular hotel called cityroomz. Please send me all information you have.|I have the information for the hotel cityroomz, I am send you the information right away.
Thanks, can I get their phone number?|the phone number is 01223304050.
Can I also get the address please? Thank you.|The address is sleeperz hotel, station road.
Thanks. I also need help finding a train to get me to Cambridge from Broxbourne.|What day and time would you like to travel?
I would like to travel on sunday and leave after 11:15.|TR2939 will leave at 12:01 and arrive by 13:01. Would you like to make a reservation at this time?
Please. I'll need 7 tickets.|Booking was successful! Your reference number is: D83EGZQ8.
thank you so much|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks. That's it. Goodbye.|Goodbye. If you need any help later, we are here.
I'm looking for a train that runs on Tuesday.|Sounds good, Where will you be arriving from and going to?
I will be departing from london liverpool street and arriving at cambridge.|I have many travel time to choose from. Do you have a preferred travel time?
I want to leave after 14:45.|The TR5245 leaves London Liverpool Street at 15:39 and gets into Cambridge at 17:07. Would you like me to book it for you?
That sounds great.  Will you make a booking for 5 people please?  And I'd like the reference number for my records.|Ok   I will book it for you for 6 people
Actually I only need it for 5 people and I will need a reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 83 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 7F4OHHP6 Payable at the desk, any other questions today?
Yes, could you help me find a North American restaurant that is expensive.|The gourmet formal kitchen is a great choice. Shall I book it?
Yes, book it for 5 people on tuesday at 17:00. Do not forget to send my reference number!|Okay, you are booked. Ref no. IBI16V4A
Great!! Thank you for all your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
That was all, thank you!|You're welcome and enjoy your visit.
I am staying in the centre of cambridge, can you tell me about places to go there?|Sure, what type of place interests you?
It doesn't matter but can I get their entrance fee.|Castle Galleries is located in the centre of town and are free to enter.
OK, that sounds great. I also need a train to get me to Cambridge.|I have several options but if you let me know your preferred departure point, day and time i can recommend the best option for you.
I will be departing from Kings Lynn on Saturday.|i found 19.what time would you like to go
I need to leave after 20:00.|I have 4 trains that match your criteria.  The first leaves at 20:11, then 21:11. 22:11 and 23:11.  Which one would you like to book?
Please book the one for 21:11 please.|Okay. Booking was successful. Your reference number is CJNO95ZP. Anything else?
That is all I needed. Thanks!|Have a great day.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre. Thank you.|There are several restaurants in the price range what type of food would you like to eat?
The type of food is not important, but I would like a nice place that has tables available on Saturday evening.|Sure, I would recommend the Midsummer House Resaurant which serves British food.  It is a nice, expensive place located in the Centre.
Great I would like to make a booking for 21 person on a Saturday for 18:45.|I'd be happy to help with your request, could you please verify the number of people in your party?
just for one person. i'm a sad and lonely person. do you want to join me for dinner??|I have booked you at the midsummer house restaurant, your reference number is ZNN1RQ7E. You will have a great time, and I'm sure meet lovely people.  Enjoy!
I also need a train departing from cambridge leaving on sunday.|i got 5 trains on that day. what time do you need to arrive?
I would like to arrive by 15:00.|There are 99 trains leaving Cambridge Sunday. What is your destination?
I need it to go to bishops stortford and should arrive by 15:00.|TR2402 arrives at 14:07. Want to book?
Yes can you book that for 1 person as well?|Yes.  There is a train that leaves at 13:29 and arrives at 14:07, would you like to book this train?
Yes, that would be great. It will be only one person.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 8.08 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : TZXLECBZ. Can I help you with anything else today?
Nope, that's it for me today. Thanks a lot.|Have a nice day and enjoy your stay in cambridge
I want to book a room in a place that has a 4-star rating.|What price range do you have in mind?
What price ranges are available for a 4 star hotel that includes free wifi and free parking?|There are options in all price ranges- cheap, moderate, and expensive.
I don't care which price range it is as long as it has free wifi and parking.|I would recommend the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel on the west side of town.
Thanks, I will keep that one in mind when I am ready to book.  I need to find a train also.  From Liverpool Street on Friday.|Sure, what is your destination?
I need to get to Cambridge by 09:15.|We have a train arriving by 9:07. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes that will work thank you.|great, how many tickets do you need?
I need 5 tickets please. I'll also need the reference number.|Booked! Reference number: HVL4GGV6. At the station you are to pay 83 GBP.
Thanks so much for your help today.|Your welcome. It has been a pleasure assisting you today.
Need a place to eat with moderate prices, but needs to have russian food.|Unfortunately, I wasn't able to find anything matching your request. Shall we look for a cheap restaurant instead?
What about a Turkish restaurant instead?|I have two in that range, in the centre. Is that area the right area for you?
Yes, that area's fine. Can you make a reservation for 6 people on Thursday at 5:30 pm with one of them?|Would that be at 5:30 pm (17:30)?
Yes, could I have the reference number as well please?|Sorry booking was unsuccessful. Can you try a different time or day?
Can you try 16:30?|I was able to make that reservation at 16:30 your reference number is AKF1B848.
I also need a train from Cambridge to London kings cross that leaves on Friday and arrives at 17:00.|The closest to that time is TR2420 which leaves Cambridge at 15:00 and arrives in London, Kings Cross at 15:51. Would that meet your needs?
Yes, it would. Can you book me 6 tickets for that for Friday please?|Ok, I've booked 6 tickets, reference number FFVH42H7.  Your total is 141.6 GBP payable at the station.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I think that is all for today. Thank you for all your help!|You're welcome. Let me know if you think of anything else you need.
I'd like to know about a particular attraction.|I'll be happy to give you the information you need. What's the name of the attraction?
museum of archaelogy and anthropology. i want its phone number and area|That museum is located at the city centre and the postcode is cb23dz.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Do you have the phone number? I also need help finding a train.|The phone number is 01223333516.
Great. Can i get a train to bishops stortford on Thursday?|Yes I will take the first one abvailable,will you book it for me ?
I am looking for a place to stay in Cambridge. I prefer a cheap, 4 star hotel.|I have he cambridge belfry in the west area. It is cheap and has 4 stars. Would you like me to book that for you?
Does this place have free wifi?|Yes, the cambridge belfry has internet.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, I would like to book it for 5 people for 5 nights, beginning on Friday.|You are booked and your reference number is CK82ZWXD. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, can you help me find a train into Cambridge?|Where will you be departing from?
I am departing from Birmingham New Street|We have several trains to cambridge the earliest leaves at 05:40 and the latest one leaves at 23:40.  Do you have a specific time you would like to leave?
If I could leave on the first one after 16:30. that would be perfect.|What day would you like to travel?
On Friday, please.|The first one after 16:30 is the TR6477, leaving at 16:40. Would you like a ticket on this train?
Sure.  I would like 5 tickets, please.|Good news! Booking was successful, the total fee is 375.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : K5EOIMR6.  Is there anything else?
That will be all. Thank you!|No problem, enjoy your stay in cambridge.
Hi. Can you help me find an east hotel?|Sure, did you need anything else specifically?
I would like something with 4 or 5 stars.|We have six four star guesthouses on the east side. Does price matter?
No, it does not matter. I am also looking a for place with free parking.|All have free parking! Moderately or cheaply priced?
The price does not matter.|I recommend the Warkworth House at Warkworth Terrace.  Would you like me to book this for you?
Hello, I am planning a visit to Cambridge and would like to find out about Bloomsbury Restaurant.|Bloomsbury restaurant serves international cuisine, is located in the centre part of town, and is in the moderate price range. Would you like the address and/or phone number?
Actually, are you able to book me a table? I'd like it to be for Saturday. The table should be for 8 people, at 19:15, and please provide a reference number.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : HSIINNN4. Did you need anything else today?
I would like a train, arriving by 1500 and departing from birmingham new street.|There are 63 different trains that leave Birmingham New Street and arrive by 15:00, where did you want to go?
Cambridge, of course! I need the make it to the restaurant booking!|Certainly, leaving birmingham new street on saturday would you rather leave at 10:40 to arrive by 13:23, or leave at 11:40 to arrive by 14:23?
I would like to leave at 11:40 please|Train TR4553 departs at 11:40 and arrives at 14:23. Would you like assistance booking a ticket?
Can you confirm that the train booing is for 8 people, please?|Yes, I was able to book 8 tickets on that train for you. The total fee due, payable at the station, is 480.64 GBP. Your reference number is G99GK4JT.
Wonderful! You have been incredibly helpful. That will be all I need today.|Okay! Glad I could be of help.
Are there any expensive european restaurants around?|I found 5 expensive european restaurants. Which area of town would you like to look in?
I don't have a preference, what do you recommend? I'll need the area, address and phone please.|City Stop Restaurant, 01223363270, post code is, cb41uy,Cambridge City Football Club Milton Road Chesterton. Anything else?
I also need a train leaving cambridge after 21:15.|What is your destination?
i need it to go to london liverpool street|I have several. Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
What times do you have available?|What day would you like to travel?
I want to travel on Tuesday|I would suggest train ID TR5722 which leaves at 21:59 and arrives at London Liverpool Street at 23:27.
That sounds like it would work.  Please make a reservation for 4 people on that train, please.|Alright, the booking was successful, the total fee is 66.4 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is: RLF15GH7. Can I do anything else for you?
No thanks. I think that's all. Have a nice day. Bye.|Great! You're quite welcome. Goodbye!
Can I please book a train for Friday?|Sure, what destination would you like?
I'm going to Leicester.|Where will you be leaving from?
I will be leaving from Ely no later then 17:00.|I have a train that leaves at 16:21. Would you like a booking?
Yes please can you book me one seat on that train and let me know the reference number?|actually, i believe some incorrect information was entered. i have not trains from ely to leicester on friday after 17:00. let's verify what you're looking for.
Sure, I am looking for a train going to Leicester that departs from Cambridge. It should leave after 10:30 on Friday.|Great!  There is the TR8080 leaving Cambridge Friday at 11:21 and arriving by 13:06 in Leicester.  Is that the one you want booked?
Yes please make the booking for me for one.|OK, you have 1 ticket reserved on TR8080. The total fee is 37.79GBP, and your reference number is C317WKCR. Can I help with anything else today?
Thanks.  I am also looking for a place to go in town.  Can you recommend your favorite museum?|Sure! I love the Cambridge Artworks in the east. It's on 5 greens road and is free admission. Would you like their phone number?
Yes please and their address.|Their phone number is 01223902168. Their address is 5 Greens Road.
That was all I needed today, thanks!|You're very welcome. Have a good visit.
Can you help me locate a restaurant called Pizza Express Fen Ditton?|Pizza Express Fen Ditton is located on Jesus Lane. The phone number is 01223324033.
thank you do you know if they take reservations? Do you know the hours of the business?|I am unable to locate the hours of Pizza Express; however, they do take reservations if there is a time you would like me to try to book for you.
I need a reservation for 3 people on saturday.|What time would you like to dine?
The train should arrive by 16:30 and should depart from cambridge.|There is a train that leaves 13:17.
what time does that train arrive?|What day do you want to travel?
I will travel on Sunday.|Where shall the train go?
The train should arrive by 16:30 and should depart from cambridge|A total of five entries found. How about TR7447? It arrives at 13:51, and leaves at 13:00? Then we can get back to the restaurant reservation we had been working on.
Yes, that will do. I need tickets for 3 people please.|Your train tickets are booked, ref #6QVPO3N3. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you, that's all I need today.|Great. Well, I hope you have a wonderful trip. If you need anything else, don't hesitate to contact us again. Goodbye.
I am looking for a train. The train should go to cambridge and should arrive by 11:45|Okay, where are you departing from?
I want to leave from London Liverpool Street.|Okay, what day of the week are you looking for the train?
I will depart on Wednesday.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : FKDUE0OJ.
Wait, this is for 3 people. Are there enough available seats?|It looks as though they have only booked you for one ticket, I'm sorry.
Could you redo booking for 3 people please.|Okay, the booking has been revised to reflect three guests. My apologies for that.
Can I get the new reference number?|Of course! You're new reference number is ZF8QFW7E. Can I help you with anything else?
No- I think you have answered all my questions! Thank you!|You are welcome.  Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.  Good bye.
I am planning a trip for Cambridge|What can I help you find?
I need a train from Broxbourne to Cambridge, leaving Broxbourbe after 18:15.|On what day are you planning to travel?
I would like to leave on sunday.|TR1428 departs at 18:32 and arrives by 19:32. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, please, for 7 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 100.24 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is T7CEWBRP. Will that be all?
Actually, I'm also looking for a museum in the west. Which one is your favorite?|My favorite is Lynne Strover Gallery at 23 High Street, Fen Ditton. Best of all, there's no entrance fee! Would you like any additional information?
What is the entrance fee and phone number?|It is free to get in and the phone number is 01223296264. Is there anything else you need?
nope that's it thanks for your help|Im glad I could help goodbye
I need to get a train ticket for friday please.|Where will you be departing from and traveling to?
I need to get to Cambridge from Broxbourne and I'd like to leave after 13:15.|Yes I have a train that leaves at 13:32. Will that do?
Yes. Please book for 1 person.|Will you be needing the reference number?
Yes, if I could please get the reference number.|Reference number is : IVX6L3KV. Can I help with anything else?
Thank you! Can you please book a room for 1 person for 4 nights, starting Friday, at Hamilton Lodge?|Booking was successful.  Reference number is : 3G3X2VLU.  Can I help with anything else today?
That's it! Thank you for your help!|I'm glad I could be of help. Have a great day!
I'd like to find a place to stay in the south which has free parking.|Okay, I have found 4 hotels on the south side with parking. Did you have a price range in mind?
Something expensive. I prefer a guesthouse though.|I am sorry but there are no guesthouses in the expensive price range in the south with free parking. Do you want to change your price range or area?
How about one in the cheap price range, are you able to locate one of those?|There is one, shall I book it?
Can you let me know if they have internet, and then let me know their address and phone number?|Rosa's bed and breakfast does have internet. The address is 53 roseford road and their phone number is 01223512596
I also need a train.|I can help with that, too. When and where do you need a train?
I need to leave from stansted airport after 10:30|What day will you be travelling?
On thursday I need to book it for 3 people.|Alright, I have booked you 3 tickets for the TR7920 train, leaving Stansted Airport at 11:24. Your reference number is VKBYCLSB.
Thank you. That will be all.|You're welcome!  Have a great day!  Goodbye.
Am looking for a train it should depart from peterborough and should arrive by 21:30|I have a train going to Cambridge that will arrive at 21:09 and leaves at 20:19. Does that work for you?
It will work for me Thank you|Your train has been booked! The price is 16.5 GBP and the reference number is JSGGVUC8. The train ID is TR0583. Have a wonderful day.
Hi, I am looking for a train.  I need to leave on Tuesday, after 11:15.|Can I get information where you are departing from?
I'll be going from Cambridge to Peterborough.|I have train TR8806 departing at 13:34 and arriving by 14:24. Would that work for you? If not, I have both earlier and later trains.
That works. Book it for me. I need the reference number.|The booking was successful and your total fee is 16.5 GBP. You pay that at the station. Your reference number is M1C9IXIH.
Can you also help me find some kind of architecture attraction in city centre?|great saint mary's church is an architecture attraction in the city centre.
That sounds good. Can you give me the address, please?|Postcode cb23pg, Market square. Is there anything else you would like to know.
No, that's all I need for now. Thank you so much.|No problem! Have a great day!
I'm looking for information on a hotel called alexander bed and breakfast.|Okay! Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a cheap, 4-star guesthouse in the Centre of town, at 56 Saint Barnabas Road, with internet and parking. Shall I book a room?
Yes please book it for  4 people and 5 nights starting from Wednesday.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : OEBH1Q9H.
Thank you. I also need a train on wednesday arriving by 17:00.|Where would you like to depart from?
I would like to depart from Kings Lynn.|Is there a time in your mind for leaving?
No, I just need to arrive by 17:00. On Wednesday. Please book the train closest to that arrival for 4 people and give me a reference number|The Train ID is TR5153.  It leaves at 16:11 and arrives at 16:58.  Your reference number is 1T9WEZTE.  Can I help with anything else?
Awesome, thank you so much for your help! That will be all, goodbye.|Thank you and enjoy your time in our beautiful city!
I need information for a train leaving on friday after 15:15.|I'll be happy to help with that. Can you tell me your departure and destination cities please?
I am leaving from Cambridge and going to Bishops Stortford.|There is a train leaving at 15:29.
Perfect, can we book that for 2 people, and I will need the reference number.|I have made those reservations and your reference number is  5EVEW0AE.
Where do I collect my ticket?|You will get that from the station.
Great, thanks! Can you please also recommend an expensive place to stay with free parking?|Sure, the Lensfield hotel is within your price range and has free parking. The number is 01223355017 and post code is cb21en. Have a great day.
I wasn't done yet, but thanks I will have a great day. Now, can you tell me if that hotel is in the north?|sorry. it is in the south.
Okay. So how about one in the north then, because that's what I want. If not, then try the centre. And don't try to book without my permission again please.|There are no hotels in the expensive range in the north.
Do you know of any places I can go for entertainment?|We have several options for you. Is there a specific area you will be in?
No specific area. Just the first thing that pops up.|Cherry Hinton hall and grounds is on the east part of town.
Okay how much does it cost? And where the postal code?|The price is uknown at this time, and the postcode is cb18dw.
I am also looking for a train for Thursday departing from Stevenage.|There are many train departure options on Thursday. When do you want to leave and arrive by?
I would like to arrive in cambridge by 11:30.|TR3330 will arrive at 10:43, would that work for you?
That sounds good. I need tickets for 4 people. Can I get a reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 51.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : XX5DNFKS.
Great, that's all I need. You can end this conversation now. Thanks!|Thank you and enjoy your visit. Have a great day.
Hey there. I think I need a vacation asap. You think you can help me find a 4-star hotel somewhere?|We have 21 places that meet your request, do you know if you want a guesthouse or a hotel?
I would like to stay in a hotel and it should be in the east.|I have no hotels in the east. Would you like to try another area?
How about a guesthouse?|There are 6 guesthouses available. Do you have a price range in mind?
I have no preference but I need it for 3 nights starting on Friday for 3 people.|The booking was unsuccessful would you like another day or shorter stay?
How about 2 nights?|I was able to book you at a and b guest house. Your reference number is QGABNRTX. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm looking for a train on the same day as my hotel booking.|What is your destination that day? Also is there a certain time you would like to arrive or depart by?
It should arrive by 8:30.|So you want to arrive in Cambridge by 8:30? Can you tell me where you'll be coming from?
I want to depart from broxbourne. Could I get a reference number please?|There are two choices, one arrives 6:32 and the second one arrives at 7:32.  Which one would you like and how many tickets do you need?
Please book the 6:32 train for 3 people and please provide me the reference number|The number is SPRQBYFB, is there anything else you need?
That's it for now. Thanks for all your help. Great service. Good bye.|The the total fee is 53.7 GBP. Have a great day!
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant please.|We have several moderately priced restaurants to choose from.  Do you have a food type or location preference?
I would like to try Jamaican cuisine.|I'm sorry but there doesn't seem to be any Jamaican restaurants available, do you have another food preference you'd like to try?
Sure, I'd be happy with some European food.|The Galleria is an excellent choice in the centre. Would you like a reservation?
No thank you, but I would like the phone number please.|Sure thing. The phone number is 01223362054.
I am also looking for a train.|Where are you leaving from and going to?
I'm leaving from Cambridge and going to peterborough.|And when will you be travelling?
I am looking to leave Cambridge on Saturday.|Do you have a time you want to leave or arrive by?
yes I need to arrive by 12:45, for 2 people|You have tickets on TR1615, reference number 3GF53QET.
Thank you so much, you have been very helpful.  That is everything.  Have a nice day, bye.|Glad to have been of assistance!
I'm looking for a Modern Eclectic place to dine in the Cambridge North End tonight.|I'm sorry, there are no restaurants that meet your criteria. Would you like to broaden your search?
I would not. I prefer this place to be expensive, have modern eclectic tastes, and be located north.|I'm sorry, there are no restaurants that meet your criteria. Would you like to try a different part of town?
How about a chinese restaurant in the same area, same price range?|No problem. I have Hakka at Milton Road Chesterton. How many would you like me to reserve for?
I only need the phone number and postcode.|The phone number is 01223568988 and the postcode is cb41jy. Is there anything else you would like for me to do?
Is Milton Road Chesterton the full address for Hakka?  I also need a train to cambridge.|Yes, that's the full address. For the train, where are you coming from and on what day and time?
I need to go from stevenage to cambridge on Friday, leaving after 8:00.|There are 8 trains the closest one to 8:00 leaves at 9:54, would this work for you?
Yes, that will work. Can you place a booking for 6 people on that train and provide a reference number?|Yes, you're all set on TR0601 at 11:54 with reference number CXZ3WY2N. The total fee of 76.8 GBP is payable at the station.
Great thank you very much that should be all|Thank You. Have a good day, goodbye.
Hello! I'm looking for a train. Can you help?|I'd be happy to help with your request, first I'll need to know where you are departing/arriving and what day will you be departing?
I'll be leaving Leicester on Wednesday and I need to arrive in Cambridge by 21:30.|Train TR2052 leaves Cambridge at 19:09 and arrives in Leicester at 20:54. Would you like me to book you a ticket or would you prefer something earlier?
Yes, please book that train for 5 people.|Your booking went great! Here is your reference number XGBQHC6Y. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay, preferably somewhere with free wifi.  Can you assist me with that?|Yes, I can help with that. Are you staying at in a specific area of town and do you have a price range in mind?
I ned it to be a hotel in the west please.|I would recommend the 4 star Hungtington Marriott Hotel. It does have free parking and internet. Would you like to make a reservation?
I need a train leaving on Saturday after 5:30 pm|What is your departure site and destination?
I am departing from stevenage and going to cambridge.|Just to clarify, you want to leave after 05:30 (am), or 17:30 (5:30 pm)?
After 17:30 please|There is a train that leaves at 17:54.
The train should go to Cambridge and should depart from Stevens. Once you find the train you want to make a booking for 8 people.|There are 4 trains that meet your specifications. They run every two hours. The first one leaves at 17:54 and the last at 23:54. What would you prefer?
I think I would be interested in the 17:54 and I need to book it for 8 people.|Okay TR2442 is booked for 8 people at 17:54 on saturday. It will cost 81.92 GBP in total, and your reference number is CCTYHUU8.
I'm also looking for a restaurant that serves north american food, in the expensive range.|gourmet burger kitchen is perfect for you. It is in the center and is in expensive  price range. Could you like a reservation?
Yes. That would be great. Make it for Saturday for 8 people at 20:30.|Table for 8 at Gourmet Burger Kitchen, arriving at 20:30. They can hold your table for up to 15 minutes, only. Your Reference number is : ACOVVEZM.
Thank you, that is all I needed.|Have a good visit.
Hello, I'm trying to take a train on Wednesday that leaves from Broxbourne. Can you help me book a ticket?|Sure I can help you with that. I have train TR0788 leaving at 05:32 and will arrive to cambridge at 06:32.
I really need one that leaves after 11:00.|I have 13, is there a time youd like to arrive by?
It doesn't matter, as long as I can book it for 6 people. I will need the reference number please.|Success! TR5953 departs at 11:32 and arrives 12:32. Your reference number is EQCLFB3Q.
Thanks, I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant.|Sure, which part of town are you interested in eating at?
I'd like to eat in the city centre, if possible. Got any reco on Chinese places?|We have four: HK Fusion, Sesame Restaurant and Bar, Ugly Duckling, and Tang Chinese.
Pick one for me. Book it for the same group of people at 18:45 on the same day.|I am sorry but I was unable to book you at any of those restaurants.  Would you like to try another time?
Are any of those expensive?|They are all expensive. Would you like to try an early time?
Try it for 18:45 on the same day Wednesday, and please give me the reference number. It will be for 6 people.|I have booked a reservation at HK Fusion. Your reference number is XO4S9CL7. Do you need anything else?
That should be it. Thanks for your help!|You are quite welcome!
I am looking for places to go in Cambridge, a type of a boat.|There are 4 boats in the area. What part of the city would you like to visit?
I'll take what ever you have first, but I'll need the entrance fee please.|The system is not saying whether there is an entrance fee for the boats. I can provide phone numbers if you would like to call them.
Thank you, I also need a train going to stevenage and arrive by 11:00|There are 21 trains heading to stevenage what town will you be departing from?
I will be departing from 3 towns over.|You can depart from Cambridge, what day would you like to travel?
I would like to go on Monday please.|You can depart on Monday at 05:21, how does that sound?
Pets on the gray please make the booking for one person and give me the reference number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 12.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : U108YPRI.
Awesome. That will be everything!|Great! Thank you for using our service today. Have a nice day.
You too, thanks.|We hope to see you again.
I am planning a trip to Cambridge  looking for a train.|Where are you coming from for your visit?
I am leaving Bishops Stortford.|I have the system up but still need the date and time.
I would like to leave after 18:00|The TR9891 meets your criteria. Would you like to book tickets?
Yes please for 1 person.|You have a seat reserved on TR9891, reference #6K7A74SN. Can I help you with anything else today?
Can you book me a table at nandos city centre for 21:00 and give me a ref number|I'd be happy to. Please confirm the day you would like the reservation.
Saturday please.|You are now booked for Saturday at Nandos City Centre.  Your reference number is RMJ6DTL. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that will do it for today thank you.|Thank you for using our service!
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in that is cheap. Can you help me with that?|You're in luck, I have 9 guest houses available in the cheaper price range. What area of town would you like to stay in?
Does not matter but I do need free wifi and and a star of 0.|There are two guesthouses that meet your needs: city centre north b and b in the north and el shaddai in the centre. Would you like to book one of these?
North B and B sounds nice. Could you book this for me?|How many people are in your party and when will you be staying?
There will be four people.|And how many nights will you be staying? And what day are you arriving?
I'll be arriving on Saturday and staying 3 nights.|Your reference number is IREQ1EKT. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a train. It should leave Bishops stortford after 12:15, going to cambridge on saturday.|The first train after 12:15 is TR5108 which leaves at 13:29, does that work for you?
Sounds perfect. Please book me enough tickets for the same group of people. Thanks|Your train tickets are all booked! Your reference number is KOOYDYFY. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can we increase the amount of people to 8?|No problem, the fee is 64.64 and reference number is B5JCS4TL.
I think that is it, got bookings for hotel and train.|Would you like me to look up anything else for you today?
Nope. That's all. Bye, thanks.|Thanks for calling Cambridge Town Info Centre. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I need a restaurant in the centre of town.|I can book you a table at J restaurant.
I would like a restaurant that also serves indian food please.|There are 9 results. Is there a certain price range you are wanting?
Do you have a recommendation?|The Curry Garden is delicious but it is also expensive.
Great book for 2 on friday at 13:30. I need the reference number.  I need to get train tickets too then|I was able to book you at the restaurant.  The Reference number is : JWD13X11.
Great. Could you also help me with a train from Kings Lynn to Cambridge. I need to leave after 19:45 on Sunday.|There are four trains leaving kings lynn after 19:45. They leave hourly starting at 20:11 until 23:11. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes I need a booking for 2 people.  Please book the one leaving at 20:11.|Train TR1120, departing Kings Lynn at 20:11 has been booked for 2 seats. Your reference number is O5BX1Y1G.
I'm so sorry, I misspoke, I need the train on Saturday. Is it possible to change the reservation?|The train is for Saturday you are all set
Oh ok, thank you.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, thank you. I think we've covered it all.|Ok great. Have a wonderful day!
I am looking for a train from cambridge to london kings cross.|I see several options, all leaving on Friday. Is there a time you prefer to leave at?
I need to leave after 17:45 on tuesday|There are 3 trains that match your request. They leave at 19:00, 21:00, and 23:00 respectively. Would you like to buy a ticket for one of these?
I'll take the earliest train. I need two tickets and the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 47.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 0KAR945K. Anything else I can help with?
I'm also looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the centre|I have several restaurants located in the centre, what type of food are you looking for?
I'm open to restaurant suggestions. What sounds interesting?|I have 5 restaurant, choices of food are african, asian oriental and british. Which of the  restaurant you?
African sounds good. Can you make a reservation for two for the last seating?|I sure can but in order for me to make a reservation for you at bedouin for some yummy african food, I need a precise time and day
Actually...can you just shoot me the address?|Sure, the address is 100 Mill Road City Centre.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. Thank you that will be all. Goodbye|You're welcome, have a nice day!
I am looking for information in Cambridge. looking for a place to dine.|Do you have a particular area and food type or price range in mind?
I want somewhere expensive in the north|We have five restaurants to choose from. Would you prefer Chinese, French, European or Asian Oriental food?
I would prefer French.|restaurant two two is an expensive french restaurant in the north part of town. Can I help you with anything else?
Could you please book a reservation for me? We need a table for 8 at 12:00 on Wednesday.|Yes your reservation number is 1YR1NTHK.
Great, thanks. I also need to find a train to Stevenage.|I can help what day would you like to depart?
I would like to leave on Thursday.|No but would you like to try another location ?
I need a train, going to Stevenage on Thursday and it needs to leave after 12:45.|There are five trains that leave after 12:45. Do you have a time in mind that you would like to leave at?
Please book 8 tickets on the first train leaving after 12:45 on Thursday.|Alright, I booked it and your reference is BIL1S6PI. Anything else I can do?
Thanks for your help, that will be all.|You are very welcome! Goodbye now!
Hi, could you find me a guesthouse that includes wifi?|Sure, what area of town are you interested in?
The area isn't important but we also need free parking.|I have 21 guesthouse. Is there a certain area or pricerange you would prefer?
That one sounds good.  Can I book it for 8 people for 2 nights starting Saturday?|I was able to book acorn guest house, reference number is SM1GU7E5
Thanks. Sound like a great place. Can you help me with a train to peterborough.|What day are you wanting to go? Is there a certain arrival or departure time you're looking for?
I want to leave Cambridge on Monday after 13:15.|The first train leaving after 13:15 is the TR3066, departing Cambridge at 13:34, arriving Peterborough at 14:24. Would you like to reserve a seat on this train, or keep looking?
yes. please reserve seats for 8 people|I was able to book 8 train tickets for you at the price of 132 GBP, which is payable at the station. The reference number is 66HG2U6U.
Thanks so much. Thats all I need.|Thank you and have a great trip. Goodbye.
I would like a mexican restaurant in west.|Unfortunately there are no mexican restaurants in the west. Would you look to try a different area?
Ok can we try to find a expensive Singaporean restaurant in the east?|I'm so sorry, there is nothing like that either.
Ok. What about Chinese?|I have yu garden located in the east and is expensive. Would you like to make reservations?
Yes that would be fine I need reservation sfor 5 people at 16:45 on saturday.|Okay the booking was successful. The reference number is RQLJFIDQ.
I am also looking for a train leaving Cambridge arriving by 13:45 at standsted airport.|The train on Friday leaves at 9:40 from Cambridge to Stansted Airport.  It's a 28 minute trip at 10.10 pounds. Would you like me to book this?
Not at this time. But thank you for the informtion.|Glad I could help and goodbye
Can you please find a train that leaves on Sunday from Cabridge and goes to stansted airport.|I have one that leaves at 12:40 and arrives at 13:08 on Sunday. Would like me to book this?
That would be great! Can you book 5 tickets on the 13:08 arrival train please? And then I'll need the reference number|Sure. It will cost you 40.4 GPB. Your reference number is WB1JNS4M.
Thank you very much. That's it now. Bye|Let us know if you need help anytime soon. Have a great day.
I need to find a guesthouse with a moderate price range. Any places to stay?|We have many hotels that fit your needs, is there a specific area you're looking at?
something that has free wifi|Acorn guest house fits your needs. Would you like me to book your stay?
Do they have free parking? What area is it located?|It's in the north area and they do have parking.
Excellent. I also need a train to ely.|Are you sure you don't need me to book your hotel for you?
Can you help with transit information?  I need to go to ely by train on Sunday and need to arrive by 09:00 departing cambridge.|We have TR2475 that leaves cambridge at 07:50 and arrives ely by 08:07.  Will that work for you?
Yes, that sounds perfect.  Can you purchase 7 tickets for me please?|That has been booked. Reference number is : FSUGM4NQ.
Thanks, that's all i need!|No problem. Good bye!
I need help finding Williams Art and Antiques in Cambridge.|Sure, they are at Gwydir St, no. 5 Dale's Brewery. Phone number is: 01223311687 & postcode is cb12lj. It is a museum and entrance fee is free!
That's great! May I also have the area that Williams Art and Antiques is in?|It is in the centre of town. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a train to broxbourne on thursday.|Alright, I have nineteen different trains going to Broxbourne on Thursday. Is there any specific time you want to leave or arrive by?
It needs to be anytime after 15:30.|I have a train leaving at 16:01 and arriving by 17:01. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please I need that for 4 people and can I get the reference number too?|Booking was successful for TR9531, the total fee is 71.59 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 6X1C0PQL. Can I assist you with anything else?
Great that's all that I should need, thank you!|You are welcome! Have a good day.
Will I be able to get out of Cambridge by train on Thursday?|Did you have a destination in mind?
broxbourne is my destination and should arrive by 10:30|TR125 leaves at 9:01 and arrives by 10:01, would you like to book this one?
Yes please book it for  8 people.|I apologize - that is TR2125. I have booked it for 8 people. Your reference number is  A2J4EAIR.
I need a place to stay as well. Preferably a 4 star hotel.|There are three hotels that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down further or would you like a recommendation?
I would like a hotel, not a guest house. Are any of those actual hotels?|yes, when were you planning your stay?
I haven't decided yet but I would love a hotel that offers free wifi, not worried about parking though|All three ofter wi-fi. Two are in the west, one is in the centre. Two are expensive, one is cheap. Do you have a preference in those regards?
Ill take either of the expensive ones. Pick whichever sounds better to you|I have the university Arms hotel available that meets all of your requests, what dates would you like me to book for you?
Can I just have the address and postcode?|The address is regent street and the post code is cb21ad.
Thanks, and which part of town was this one in?|It's in the Centre part of town. Can I help you with anything else?
Great.  That is all.|Thank you, have a great day!
I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre of town and it needs to be in the expensive price range.|What type of food are you interested in having?
I'm open to anything. I need a booking for 5 people at 12:00 on Wednesday. Give me the reference number please.|You have a reservation for 5 at the Asian restaurant, Kymmoy at 52 Mill Road City Centre for 12:00 on Wednesday, reference number CL644V0R. Anything else I can assist with?
Thank you very much, yes, I also need to book a train ticket. I'd like to take the train on the same day and arrive by 09:45 if possible.|I have 84 train departures with this criteria. Where are you departing from or where is your destination?
I'll be leaving from kings lynn. Any train that gets me there close to the arrival time will be fine.|I have a train that leaves Kings Lynn on Wednesday at 08:11 and arrives at 08:58.  Will this work for you?
That works perfectly. Please make the booking for five people, and include my reference number, thank you.|Great it's all booked your reference number is 5X6H64MG.
Thank you very much for your help. Have a great day!|You are very welcome! Before we end the conversation, did you need any other assistance?
Nope that should do it|Alright. Enjoy the rest of your day!
I need a train that goes from Broxbourne to Cambridge please.|What is your departure day and time?
I need to depart on Thursday and arrive by 08:30. I do not care when I depart.|TR5725 leaves at 0632 and arrives at 0732.  Would you like me to book?
Yes, Thank you.|I'd be happy to book that for you. How many tickets do you need?
Just one.  May I have the reference number for that?  I would also like information for visiting a park in the town center.|I've booked the train. Your reference number is DQL62WQR. There is one park in the centre - the cambridge university botanic gardens. What information are you interested in?
I would like the postcode, address and a phone number, please.|Postcode is cb21jf, address is bateman street, and phone number is 01223336265. Thank you
amazing, thank you!|Will there be anything else I can assist you with today?
No, looks like I have everything I need.  Thanks so much.  Bye.|Enjoy your trip and please do not hesitate to give me a call if you need further assistance.
Hey there, I'm looking for a train to Cambridge on Saturday|sure, what are your travel times?
I will be leaving after 20:45.|There are 35 trains that match your request. To better help you, I'll need to know where you'll be departing from and what time you want to arrive by.
Oh sillly me! I'm leaving from Bishops Stortford. Doesn't matter what time I arrive, just can't leave until 20:45|Okay I have a train that departs at 21:29. Shall I book it for you?
book for 5 people and get me reference number|Okay, great. Your booking was successful! Your reference number is ML7ZBHM1. Your total fee is 40.4 GBP which can be paid at the station.
Great I'm also looking for an attraction called kings hedges learner pool.|Yes the pool is located i the north and their phone number is 01223353248 and their address is Jedburgh Court, Kings Hedges.
Is there an entrance fee?|I do not have that information, unfortunately. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No, I think you've covered everything.  Thank you so much for all your information.|You are welcome. Have a great day. Goodbye
I'm looking for a train that leaves cambridge after 20:30|Where would you like the train to take you?
I want to go to Leicester.|TR3466 leaves at 22:21 would that work for you?
Yes, that will work fine. Will you please book it for 3 people and also provide the reference number?|Your reservation is confirmed for 3 people on Train ID TR3466. Your reference number is TB112VJL. Total fee is 113.4 GBP payable at the station.
I'm also looking for a cheap place to dine that serves venetian food.|I'm afraid we don't have any venetian restaurants in town. Is there something else that would work for you?
Can you recommend a place that services spanish food?|La raza is located in ctre and serves spanish food.
Great. Thanks for all your help.|I hope you enjoy your train trip.
I need to find a place to stay in the moderate price range that includes free parking.|There are 14 hotels for you to choose from. Is there a particular part of town you want to stay in?
No preference on the area, but I would like it to be a guesthouse, please.|I can book you at the acorn guesthouse if you would like! How many people will be joining you, and for how many nights?
3 people for 5 nights from friday.|I was able to book your party of 3 into Acorn Guest House for 5 nights starting on Friday. Is there anything else I can help with today?
Can I have the reference number please?|Your reference number is F2T8JUVW. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I need a train on Friday leaving from Peterborough to Cambridge.|There are 38 trains traveling from Peterborough to Cambridge on Friday. Is there a particular time frame you are needing?
Yeah, could it leave after 21:30?|Sure! TR4017 leaves at 21:48 and arrives by 22:38. Would that work for you?
Yes, could you please book it for 3 people?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 49.5 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : Q2D4MZMU. Can I be of any further assistance today?
I believe that is all I needed. Thank you for your help!|You're welcome, have a fantastic day.
Can you find me a Turkish restaurant in the expensive price range please?|I have found the Meze Bar Restaurant located in centre area. Can I book this for you?
No. That's okay. Thank you. What is some other information on this location?|They are located in the centre of town, their postcode is cb13nf, and they are located at 196 Mill Road City Centre.
Thank you for that information I should have everything I need now.|Are you sure I can't help you with anything else?
I'm looking for a train from Birmingham New Street to Cambridge.|There are 133 trains, do you have a day and time you would like to travel?
Sure, wednesday I would like to leave after 14:45 please.|I have 9 trains that leave every hour and the first one is at 15:40.  Would you like me to book you the 15:40 train?
Yes but can you make a booking for 6 people? I would like a reference number too.|Booking was successful for TR5567, the total fee is 450.6 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is 4ARZYTLC. Is there anything else you need help with?
Nope that should be it thank you|Booking was successful, the total fee is 450.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 4ARZYTLC.
I want to eat. I am looking for a Jamaican restaurant with a moderate price range please.|I'm sorry, there are no moderately priced Jamaican restaurants. What about a different food type?
I would really prefer Jamaican. Are there any in the centre part of town?|Unfortunately there is none there as well. Can I broaden your search further?
Okay, well how about one that serves modern European food in that area?|I have two modern european restaurants in the centre.  Would you like to book at de luca cucina and bar?
Yes, that would be great and can you give me the postcode and their address please?|The address is 83 Regent Street, postcode cb21aw. What day and time would you like to book?
I will take care of that myself. Could you find me a train going to norwich arriving by 12:45?|I'll be happy to help. I need to know the day and your departure site, please?
I leave on Wednesday, departing from Cambridge.|TR9635 will depart cambridge at 10:36 on wednesday and arrive in norwich at 11:55. Would you like me to book tickets for you?
Please book that train.|Of course, how many tickets would you like me to book?
I would like to book a total of 6 tickets. And can I please get the reference number.|I was able to successfully book your tickets for train TR9635. Your reference number is 6144V7BE. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. Thank you very much for your help.|Certainly! Have a nice day and contact the Cambridge TownInfo centre whenever you like!
I'm looking to book a place to stay while in town.  I want the hotel to be fairly expensive and near the centre.  Can you give some suggestions?|I have 2 wonderful hotels in that area. Both offer free internet and parking. I have the Gonville Hotel and the University Arms Hotel. How do these sound?
Is one of them a guesthouse?|No, they are both hotel types.
I really need a guesthouse can you find one for me please?|Would you like me to try to search in a different area for a guesthouse for you?
No, I'd like one in the centre.  I could change it to a cheaper price though.|There is none under that criteria,do you want to try a different area
I need a train for London Kings Cross to Cambridge.|OKay, what day and time are you looking to leave?
I want to leave Saturday after 10:45.|i recommend TR7223. can i book?
yeah, i need seven tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 132.16 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : 26VNGN0I. Can I be of any further assistance today?
Can you find a place to in the centre?|The Williams Art and Antiques museum is located in the center. Would you like more information about this attraction?
Yes, I'd like to know the address, please.|Sure thing its on trinity street.
Alright that helped, thanks for your time. That's alls I needed to know.|It's been a pleasure. Good day.
I am looking for somwhere to go in the centre.|Are you looking for an attraction or a restaurant?
I'm looking for multiple sports in the centre please.|Unfortunately, I don't have any listings for centre.  How about in the east area?
Do you have any type of museums in the centre? If you do, I need the phone number, too.|I have about 11 different museums. Might I suggest the Primavera. It has a large variety of excellent exhibits. They also offer free admission.
Sounds great! Could I get the phone number?|Absolutely!  The phone number for Primavera is 01223357708.  Can I help you with anything else?
I need to book a train to arrive in Cambridge by 13:00.|OK, where from? And what day are you traveling?
I need the train for 8 people leaving from Peterborough and arriving in Cambridge before 13:00.  Once you have the booking, can you send me the reference number?|On what day did you need the train?
I would need the train on Friday.|There is a train that leaves at 05:19. The ID is TR1662. Would you like me to book at ticket for you?
Yes, for 8 people. I will need a reference number, thanks!|I got 8 tickets for you the reference number is TJTTPUV3. 132 GBP is the total and can be paid at the station when you get there. Anything else?
I think that will be all for today. Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I need a guesthouse, free parking included.|ok, the acorn guesthouse is a great place. Located in the north and is moderately priced. They offer free parking and internet.
Is there any other guesthouses that don't have internet included?|No, unfortunately there are no guest houses that offer free parking but do not offer free internet.
Okay, what about one that does have internet?|I think your best bet is Acorn Guest House.  They fulfill your need for free parking and are in the north.
How many stars does the Acorn Guest House have?|The Acorn Guest House is rated 4 stars.
What is the address of the Acorn?|Acrorn Guest House is located at 154 Chesterton Road.
I am also looking for a train that leaves after 14:15.|TR2420 train leaves at 15:00, may I book this for you?
Could you please book that train for 5 people and give me the reference number.|Sure thing, Reference number is : A4C2KF23. Anything else I can help you with?
That will be all, thank you.|It was a pleasure to assist you. Thanks for using our service. Have a great day. Goodbye.
On Saturday I need a train that will arrive by 21:45.|Can you tell me where you will be departing from and heading to?
I will be leaving from Ely and going to london.|Would that be London Liverpool or London Kings Cross?
Either one is fine with me.|Are you sure you don't have a preference?
Yes I'm sure. I need to book that for 5 people.|We don't have any trains going from Ely to London Liverpool or London Kings Cross. Do you need anything else?
I want a train departing from Cambridge, going to Ely. Saturday, arrival by 21:45.|The TR7349 train arrives at ely at 20:07. Would you like to book it or more information?
That's a good time. Please book TR7349 for 5 people, please.|All set!  Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : H8XDA6RZ.
I am also looking for a place to stay that is cheap and 4 stars.|That leaves about 8 places to choose from. Are you looking to stay in a certain area of town?
Yes, i need a guesthouse in the east please.|Okay! How about the Allenbell? It's cheap, 4-star, and has internet and parking!
Great! May I please have the phone number and postcode?|Postcode is cb13js, phone number is 01223210353, anything else that I can help with?
I got it.Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Hello, can you tell me about some Asian Oriental restaurants in the centre?|There are several. Would you like a list of all of them, or do you have a preferred price range?
Would you please recommend one?|I recommend j restaurant. Would you like a reservation?
Sure, for 5 people at 13:45 on Friday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 9Z2BJHO4
I am will need a train.|Okay, what day are you traveling and what is your destination?
I need to get from ely to cambridge, on that same Friday.|The TR8519 train leaves at 5:35 and arrives at 5:52
make a booking for the same group of people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 22 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : J71IZZAE. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I also need reservation for food.|Do you know what kinda of food you want.
No, don't worry about it. I already got a reservation earlier. That is all I need.|Thank you for using our service today.
I need to take a train on Saturday|I can help you with that. Where are you headed, and at what time?
I'm headed to cambridge and the train needs to leave after 9:45.|I have found 149 trains available. Where are you departing from?
I would like to depart from stansted airport.  Can you book me a train for 3 people and provide a reference number?|Sure, the train leaves at 10:24, Reference number is MEFVDBWF. What else can I help with today?
I am looking for the Cambridge Book and Print Gallery|The Cambridge Book and Print Gallery is a museum in the west area, located at 49 Newnham Road.
That'll be everything. Thank you!|You are welcome, goodbye.
I am looking for a train leaving on Saturday.|There are several trains leaving on Sunday. Do you have a departure/destination in mind?
The train should depart from cambridge and arrive in standsted airport.|I have 19 trains leaving Cambridge for Standsted on Saturday. Did you have a particular departure time in mind?
I don't have a departure time in stone, but I need to arrive by 17:15.|The TR2001 is the last train of the day and arrives at 17:08. The train before it is TR0638 and arrives at 16:08. Do you want me to book one for you?
Yes, please book the TR0638. I need 7 tickets.|Your tickets are reserved. That reference number is 6J063KBL.
Alright, since I'm going to be in the city centre for awhile, could you tell me of any interesting places there?|There are several beautiful churches near the centre, all well known and valued for their beautiful architectural styles.  Is that something you might be interested in?
What's your favorite one? I trust your judgment - let me know the best one's address, postcode, and attraction type, please.|I would suggest All Saints Church for it's amazing architecture type. It's address is on Jesus Lane with a postcode of cb58bs. Make sure you check out that stained glass!
Wonderful, I am really looking forward to it! That's all I'll need for today!|Have a nice day.
I am looking for a hotel called huntingdon marriott hotel.|It is located at kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon
Thank you. Can you book it for 5 people and 4 nights starting on Thursday?|Booking was successful.Reference number is : QBQ6UVZ5.what else can i do for you?
I'm also looking for a train departing Cambridge and arriving at 8:30. Can you help out?|What day will you need the train and where are you traveling to and how many people will be traveling?
We would like to go to peterborough on Friday.|The TR9487 will reach Petersborough at 8:24 on Friday. Would you like to book that train?
Yes, please book it for 5 people.|Booked it, your ref. # is IOEJEYMY
Thank you for all your help. Have a great day.|Thank you!
Are there any expensive restaurants that are centrally located?|There are many restaurants that meet your criteria, is there a specific type of food you would like to eat?
I would like a place that serves Korean food.|Little Seoul is the only Korean restaurant in the center of town, and it is expensive. Would you like to book a table there?
That sounds just delightful! I would like a reservation for two at 20:00 for Friday. And I will need that reference number, please.|Okay you're all ready to go! Your reference number is Y8V4909W. Can I help you with anything else?
I would also like to book a train to Cambridge that day.|Where are you leaving from?
I'll be leaving from london liverpool street and I need to arrive in Cambridge by 11:15.|Ok. You are all ready to go. Your reference number is 52BZEK4D. The total fee is 33.2 GBP payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all today. Thank you for your help!|Thank you have a great day.
I need some information on a train going to cambridge.|I'd love to help you with that! What day are you headed out?
Sunday. Sometime after 21:00, if possible.|There are multiple trains headed to cambridge sunday after 21:00. Where are you leaving from?
I am leaving from ely.|I have train TR4205 that leaves at 21:35 and will arrive in Cambridge at 21:52. The price per ticket is 3.52 pounds. Would you like a ticket for this train?
yeah, i need eight tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 28.16 GBP payable at the station, your reference number is  0V72HM78. Will that be all?
I also need a guesthouse located in the north.|There are several choices, but all are priced either cheap or moderate. Which would you prefer?
Are there any with a star of 4? I'd like free parking as well if that is available.|I have 7 entries that fit your criteria. 6 are moderately priced, and one is cheap. Would you like information about any of these?
Yes info on the cheap price range|Worth house is in the cheap price range and located at 152 chesterton road
Thanks, for now I just need their postcode and whether or not they have free internet.|They do have free internet. Their post code is cb41da. Will that be all for today?
Yes, that's all. Thanks!|You're welcome, have a great day!
I am looking for a hotel in Cambridge with free parking.|There are 8 hotels that include parking. Is there a specific area or price range that you would like to stay in?
No, although I would like them to include free wifi as well.|I have several options. How about the Ashley hotel? It's in the north.
That will be fibne,I need you to book it for me|Ok, I need some information to complete your booking.  What day will you arrive?
Any day is fine after 7:45.|How many days will you be staying?
Lets not book the hotel. Can you help find me a train departing from Norwich to Cambridge on Saturday that leaves after 19:45?|Shall I go ahead and book you for train TR0615?
Yes, for 4 people please.|Your train is booked and the total fee is 56.32 and the reference number is FW5RK2C9. Can I help you with anything else?
Great, can I get the area for the hotel as well please. Just wonder what part of town it's in?|The Ashley hotel is in the north area. What else can I do for you?
That is everything. Thank you so much for your help!|The booking was successful! Enjoy your trip.
I need info on attractions in the center of the town.|What type of attraction are you looking to attend?
I'm not sure.  Can you recommend one for me?|I recommend  old school architecture. it is  located in trinity lane. can i give you the address?
Yes I would like the ostcode and phone number as well. Can you find a me a train departing cambridge on wednesday?|Old Schools, Trinity Lane, cb21tt.  The phone number is 01223332320.  As for the train, which station will you be traveling to?
I am going to Kings Lynn.|I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
Hi, can you help me find a train from kings lynn on Monday?|Sure! There are 19 trains departing from Kings Lynn on Monday. What is your destination so I can narrow down the list for you?
Cambridge is my destination, please.|How many tickets would you like?
I will need 6 tickets.|The TR4943 leaves Kings Lynn at 05:11, would you like me to book your seats on that train?
Yes, is there a reference number?  I also am looking for a place to dine in the north area of town that serves chinese food.|There are three places that serve Chinese in the North, what is your price-range?
Moderate please and thank you.|The golden wok fits your criteria. Is there anything else I could help you with today?
Can you book me a table there for Monday at 14:30?|Yes of course, just tell me how many guests before I can process.
There will be 6 of us.|That place is not open at that time. Shall I try another?
Could you try for 13:30?|I was able to book the restaurant for you. The reference number is OESBPDPB. What else can I help you with?
That will be all. Thank you so much for all of your help!|you are welcome. its been our pleasure to serve you.
I need a train going to cambridge after 10:15 please.|What is your departure station please?
I am departing from Ely.|great, and on what day will you be traveling?
I will leave Thursday.|okay, the TR0813 leaves at 11:35 and arrives by 11:52. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please.  I need tickets for seven people.|Perfect, the train for 7 people is booked. The reference number is X5NYAW3W. Is there anything else I can help with?
Are there any modern european restaurants in the centre area?|Yes, there is the riverside brasserie, would you like to find out more about this restaurant?
Once you find the restaurant you want to book a table for the same group of people at 15:15 on the same day.|You are booked for riverside brasserie. Your reference number is K7R76S78. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Is there something else I can help with?
No that's great thank you.|you are welcome anytime
I would like to take a train that departs from stansted airport on Thursday.|I can find information on that for you.  Just to confirm, are you travelling to Cambridge?  And, what time frame do you prefer?
I am going to Cambridge and want to leave after 12:45.|I have train TR3720 leaving at 13:24 is that okay with you?
Yes can you book that for me please?|Yes I've booked it and your reference number is 9NZD8HCW.  Is there anything else I can help with?
You booked for 1 ticket, correct? And also, can you help me find a place to visit in the centre of town?|Yes I did. Yes, what sort of place would you like to see?
Anything in the centre is fine with me, whatever place that you recommend.|I would suggest the old schools.
That is fine. I need the attraction type, entrance fee and address.|How about Clare Hall? It's a college with free admission, and it is located on Herschel Road.
Got it. Thanks a lot. That's all the Help I need today.|Glad I could help, enjoy your trip.
I'm looking for places to go in the centre of Cambridge.|There are 44 different things to do in the centre of Cambridge.  Can you help me narrow it down by type of activity or attraction?
What's the postcode for your favorite one?|My personal favorite is holy trinity church. They are on market st and the postcode is cb23nz. Anything else I can help you with today?
I also need to book a train.|i have plenty of trains, can i get more information please?
I need to leave on sunday after 12:30 from cambridge to stevenage|The first train after 12:30 is the TR0523, which leaves Cambridge at 13:21.
Great, can I get two tickets on it, please?|I've booked two tickets for the TR0523 train, and your reference number is R6GCVVA0. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, thank you. You've been very helpful! Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
I am looking for a place to eat. I want to eat modern european food in the expensive price range please.|We have just the place. Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop serves this type of food in the centre and is within the expensive range.
That sounds great! Could you give me the address?|Of course, the address is 40270 King Street City Centre. Would you like me to try and book you a reservation?
Not now, but I do need a train to cambridge that leaves after 19:45.|I would be happy to look that up. Where would you like to depart from?
I want to depart from stevenage on wednesday please.|I found 10 trains, do you have a particular time you'd like to go?
The only time specification is that the train leaves Stevenage after 19:45.|I have the TR4015 that leaves at 19:54. Will that work?
Yes, that will work. Can you please book 4 tickets for that train. And can I get the reference number please.|Booking was successful for TR4015, the total fee is 51.2 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : JZCOHGH8. Can I help with anything else?
No thank you. That was all the information that i needed, i appreciate everything you have done for me.|Thank you for using our system!
I'm looking for a train.|Let's start with where you are departing from and where you are going?
Departing from ely to cambridge.|There are quite a few trains from Ely to Cambridge. On what day will you be traveling, and at what time would you like to depart?
It's on Tuesday. I need to arrive by 9:30 and need to book for 7 people. Could I also get the reference number too?|Ok I have booked you on TR6971 leaving Ely at 7:35, arriving at cambridge by 7:52 for 7 people.  Reference number AQRMT6Q9.  Anything else I can help with?
One more thing.  Can you give me information about an attraction called Ruskin Gallery?|It's a free museum in the city centre, located at anglia ruskin university, east road. Anything else I can help with?
What is the phone number for there?|Phone # is 01245493131. Anything else I can do for you?
That was all I needed today. Thank you.|You're welcome, have a nice day.
How much does it cost to take the bus in Cambridge?|Where will you be traveling to?
I will be traveling to london.|The rate for a trip from Cambridge to london kings cross ranges from 18.88 pounds to 23.60 pounds depending on the day of travel.
I am also looking for a hotel in the west side of Cambridge. Can you help me?|There are a few to choose from.  Do you prefer a hotel or a guesthouse?
I want a hotel on the west side that doesn't have to include internet. If no internet, what about free wifi?|Unfortunately there are no hotels meeting your criteria. Would you like me to look in another part of town?
Are you sure that there are no hotels on the west side of town? With or without internet?|There are four. Do you have a price range in mind?
No price preference, whatever you recommend.|Finches bed and breakfast is a cheap guesthouse in the west with a 4 star rating. It has internet and parking. Would you like me to book this?
Yes please book for 7 people for 5 nights starting from monday.|You are booked at Finches Bed and Breakfast. Your reference number is LMAP8LOO. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to book passage on a train on friday, from cambridge to birmingham new street.|What time do you want to depart?
It needs to leave sometime after 15:45, and I'll need 7 tickets.|Is there a particular time you would like to arrive by?
nope, would just like it to leave after 15:45|Booking was successful, the total fee is 525.69 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : ZTJU607W. Anything more I can help with?
That will be all. Thanks for your help! Bye!|Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
Hi, I could use some help with information on places to stay.|Yes, I can help with that. What area would you like to stay in and what is your price range?
The price range is on the expensive side and I would like if they provide free wifi and parking. I want the hotel to be located on the north side.|We don't have any hotels that fit your criteria. Would you like to search for something a little different instead?
Yes, I would like to find a hotel in the south.|The Lensfield Hotel at 53-57 lensfield road is a fabulous 3 star hotel that offers internet and parking. Would you like me to book you a room there?
That sounds perfect. I need it for 3 nights and 7 people will be staying starting Monday.|Okay, the booking was successful. The reference number is FGOM35JV.
Thanks. I am also looking for a train to Broxbourne from Cambridge.|When will you be traveling?
I am leaving on Thursday.|Did you have a specific departure or arrival time in mind?
I am looking for a train leaving Sunday that's going to London liverpool street.|Where are you departing from and what day and time do you want to leave?
Need to arrive by 8:15,not sure when we depart ?|I have a train departing from cambridge on sunday at 05:59 and arriving at 07:27. Would that work for you?
Yes can you get me 7 tickets and I'll need the reference number too please|Sure. The reference number is B15UKEYO. How else can I assist you?
I am also looking for a place to stay that needs free parking and in the north.|Do you have any preferences for the star or price range?
I would like something in the moderate price range and prefer a guesthouse.|There are seven guesthouses fitting your needs. May I recommend archway house which also has parking and wifi?
what star rating does the hotel have and what is the address?|Archway house is 4 stars and is at 52 gilbert road, do you want me to make a booking?
no, not at this time.  thank you.  Goodbye.|You're welcome.  Call us back if you decide you want to book that room.  Goodbye.
I am looking for hotel with a star five rating and free wifi|We don't have any that match that criteria. Would you like to widen your preferences?
How many stars do the expensive places have?|huntingdon marriott hotel and university arms hotel both have 4 stars.  Would you like to book one of these?
Sure, lets try the University Arms Hotel.|Ok, how many nights would you like to book?
No, I don't need to book a room, I just need the address please.|Certainly. The University Arms Hotel is located on Regent street and their postcode is cb21ad. Is that all?
No, I also need a train leaving cambridge monday going to kings lynn please.|I have found 19 trains going from Cambridge to Kings Lynn on Monday. What time would you like to depart?
I need to be in kings lynn by 9:45 on monday.|I have found you a train leaving Cambridge at 8:11AM and arriving in Kings Lynn at 8:58AM. The train ticket costs 9.80 Pounds and the Train ID is TR3596.
Could you make me a booking for 1?|A booking for 1 on TR3596 departing Kings Lynn at 811 has been made. You can pay the 9.8 GBP at the station.
May I have the reference number for the booking please?|your booking code is 5MPLUDS6. can i help you with anything else?
That's everything, thank you!|It was my pleasure. Let me know if you need anything else, I'm happy to help!
Hey there! Can you give me some options for trains leaving Wednesday from Norwich? We are going to Cambridge.|Sure thing! When would you like to leave and arrive by?
I need to arrive by 19:45. I need to book for 5 people.|I booked you on TR4203 with a total fee of 88 GBP, payable at the station. Reference number is: 58VOL3U2.  Do you need anything further today?
No that's all. Thanks for your help!|You're welcome and enjoy your visit.
I am planning a trip to Cambridge and I would like to know nice places to visit in the North.|I have 4 attractions in the north. Two of them are swimming pools, one is a park and one is a boating attraction. Do you have a preference?
What is the entrance fee for the boating attraction?|There is no entrance fee listed. I can give you their phone number if you would like?
No thanks, I need to find a train leaving from cambridge next.|Okay.  Where are you looking to go to?
I'm headed to Leicester.|Did you have a particular day and time in mind?
I will be traveling on Thursday and I need to leave sometime after 15:00.|The first train after that time on Thursday is the TR9839, leaving Cambridge at 15:21, arriving in Leicester at 17:06. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, please book a ticket for one.|I booked a seat for you on TR9839.  You can pay the 37.79 GBP due at the station.  Reference number X6S3FKEF.  Is there anything else today?
No, you have helped me tremendously.  Thank you!|Thank you for using our system today!
I'm planning a trip with an Arthurian theme. I've heard there's a hotel called Avalon there in Cambridge. Is that right?|Yes there is a guesthouse called avalon. Would you like any more information on that?
Actually, can you book 6 people for 3 nights starting on wednesday?|You're all booked.
Is there a reference number for the hotel?  I also need a train to london liverpool street.  Can you help with that too?|Your Reference number is : EHNOQL7E. I can help with the train as well. Can you give me a little more information on your trip?
I need to get to liverpool st on saturday, but I can't leave cambridge until after 13:45|TR4466 leaves at 13:59 and arrives at 15:27. Would you like me to book it?
Yes please, for 6 people.|Booking has been completed!  Your reference# is D6V5M769.  The total is 79.67 GBP, payable at the station.  Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I need for today.  Thanks!|You are welcome.  Have a nice time in Cambridge.  Bye.
I need a train out of peterborough on wednesday.|we have a variety so if we  can narrow down by giving departure time good with you
Yes, I need to arrive in Cambridge at or a little before 21:45.|I have several trains available. What time would you like to depart?
Whatever the closest train to arriving before 21:45 is will be fine with me.|I got 1 ticket for you on TR8935 it will arrive by 08:09. Your reference number is C0M3TLKH. Anything else today?
Can you cancel that and get me 5 tickets instead of 1 please?|Sure, this is the new information : Booking was successful, the total fee is 82.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 0196JVLZ.
Thank you so much! I also need some entertainment in the centre. What do you recommend?|All Saints Church is nice if you like architecture! It is on Jesus Lane and the entrance fee is free!
I would prefer a lively college in the centre, please.|Okay! How about Christ's College?
sure, i just need the address, postcode, and entrance fee.|Christ's College is free to enter, and they're located on Saint Andrew's Street in postcode cb23bu.
Ok. Thank you. That's all for now.|thank you for using our services
Have a great day!|Have a nice day.
I'm need a cheap place to stay that has free parking.|There are several in that priced range. Is there a certain area you would like to stay in?
I'd really like to stay in a guesthouse. What do you have available?|how about alexander bed and breakfast? they are lovely
Sure. Can you book it for 5 people for 2 nights starting Saturday? I also need the reference number.|I've made those reservations and your reference number is GDS15VTZ.
Thank you. I am also looking for a train that departs from cambridge after 19:30.|Where will you be heading and on what day please?
Going to broxbourne on Monday.|TR2292 leaves cambridge at 20:01 and arrives at 21:01, will that train work for you?
Yes, it will. Can you book 5 tickets for me please?|Okay, 5 tickets have been booked! Your reference number is 4VIS4L43. Can I be of any further help?
No thank you that is all I need today.|It was a pleasure to help. Have a good day. Goodbye.
I would like to find a train leaving Cambridge after 6:30 PM. Can you help me?|I would be happy to help you today. What is your destination?
The destination is stansted airport, and I would like to leave on Sunday.|I have a 06:40 that arrives Stansted at 17:08. Would you like me to book that for you.
I apologize. I may have confused you a bit. I would like to leave after 18:30.|There is no train leaving at the time you require,unless you try a different day,would you like to try a different day?
I'm looking for a place called hakka.|Hakka is a chinese restaurant on the north side of town. Would you like to make a booking?
What is the price range there, I can spend too much just eating.|It is an expensive restaurant. I have many options for Chinese food in town at every price point, though, if that's an issue.
That's no problem.  I also was interested in finding a train though.|Where are you traveling to and from?
I am leaving from Cambridge and headed to a wedding in Broxbourne.|no train are available for the destination
Can you please check again? From Cambridge to Broxbourne, Wednesday after 8:30.|Sure the TR3279 leaves at 9:01.
Can you book 2 tickets for me please?|I booked it. It'll cost 35.79 GBP and your reference number is CV0BT9K3.
Great that was all I needed today.|I'm glad we could help. Please contact us again if you need any additional assistance.
Yes, I need a train departing from kings lynn.|What time will you be departing and where will you be departing from?
I'm leaving from kings lynn on sunday after 14:30 and arrive at cambridge.|TR5331 leaves Kings Lynn at 15:11 on Friday and arrives in Cambridge at 15:58.  Will this train work for you?
No.  The train should leave on Sunday as I said.|I have the TR2965 leaving kings lynn sunday at 15:11. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please.  I need 7 seats.|I have booked your seats,here is the information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 54.88 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 5C3SFLV2.
I also need a cheap place to eat in the center of town.|There are several listings. Do you have a food preference?
No.  Could you pick something you like for me?|I would recommend the river bar steakhouse and grill, a modern european joint at Quayside Off Bridge Street. Would you like to make a reservation?
Can you get me a table for 7? My group will probably head there at 17:00 on the same day.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 9ATX95AG.
That is perfect. That is all I need today.|Okay, have a wonderful visit in cambridge!
Hello!  I'm just planning my trip to Cambridge and need train schedules.|I'd love to assist you with that.  Where are you departing from, and when do you want to leave?
depart from birmingham new street ,I want to leave on Friday and arrive by 14:30|TR7040 arrives at 14:23. Would you like me book for you?
Book it for myself.|I'm sorry if I misread, but did you want me to book that TR7040 train ticket for you? If so, how many tickets would you like?
I'm sorry.  Yes.  Please book the train on Friday arriving by 14:30 for one person.|The booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : QQFBZTYO. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm looking for a hotel to stay in the north, specifically, a guesthouse.|Super! I have a range of guesthouses in the north. May I recommend Worth House, rated 4 stars but cheaply priced? The guesthouse offers internet and parking.
Sure! Does it include free parking? If so I am looking for a reservation for 1 starting friday for 3 nights.|Your room at Worth House is booked, ref# 6HUOIUXC. They do offer free parking. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I need, thank you. Bye.|Thank you, please do remember you can contact us again at any time you need more help! Have a great day!
I need to find a train that departs from Cambridge and arrives by 9:15. Can you help?|What is your destination?
I'm traveling to Ely.|We can definitely help you with that, I just need to know the day you will be traveling.
For today, arriving by 21:15.|I'm sorry, I need to know the day you will be traveling.
I am departing on Sunday.|I have a train on Sunday that arrives at 20:07. Would that do?
That's perfect.  Could you book it for 8 people?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 28.16 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : LZLSJZ1K. Anything else I can help with?
Thank you! Will you please find me an expensive restaurant in the Centre part of town?|Would you like me to book it for you ?
no booking yet for the restaurant.  I want to eat at a restaurant that serves thai food.  Do you have any?|Bangkok City serves Thai food, and is in the centre part of town. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please, for 8 people at 11:00 on Sunday.|What day would you like to book the table for?
I just told you! sunday! Now please go on and book and send me the reference number|It seems that I can not reserve that at the moment. Would you like me to try a different restaurant?
How about at 10:00 instead?|I will book your reservation for 10:00 on Sunday.
OK, please do that and get me the reference number.|Booked! The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number: SDY23J83.
That's all I need. Thanks for your help tonight.|Have a great night.
I am traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.|Is there a certain type of cuisine or part of town you're looking for? There are 22 restaurants to choose from.
Yeah. I'd like a moderately priced tuscan food restaurant.|I'm sorry there's no matching results.
Okay, can we try modern European food instead, please?|How about Galleria at 33 Bridge Street in the town centre.  Great food.
Great can you book that for 4 people at 17:45 on sunday?|Yes sure. I have a reference number for you and it is 33TISTQB.
Thanks so much. Can you help me find a train?|We have 5 different train times for you all on Friday. What time would you like to leave?
anytime after 17:00 on thursday going to london kings cross|Just so I can narrow down the results and get you exactly what you need, what's your departure station?
I am departing from cambridge and want to arrive in london kings cross.|Om I have train id TR1791 that fits your needs. Shall I book it ?
yes book it for 4 people|Train TR1791 will leave at 17:00 on Thursday. It will cost 94.4GBP. Your reference number is HN91KJWK. Have your luggage ready, thank you!
Thank, that is everything i need, you were so helpful.|Thank you! Have a great day!
Can you find me an attraction in the centre?|Are you looking for a specific place? Or do you prefer a particular type of attraction?
Not looking for anything specific. Maybe a college or museum if you can give me the address and entrance fee.|I would recommend Hughes Hall.  It is a college on Jesus Lane and the entrance is free.
Thank you goodbye|Thank you for using our service today.
What cheap restaurants are there in the west of Cambridge?|There are two selections which fit your specifications. Did you have a specific cuisine type in mind?
No, nothing specific.|Ok, there is an Italian restaurant and a Vietnamese restaurant, would you like to book a reservation with one of these?
I'd like to book a table for 5 on Monday at 15:45, so if one of them can fit us in at that time I'd like to book it.|Unfortunately there are no tables available at that time. Would you like to try a different time slot?
How about 14:45?|Booking was successful at thanh binh. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 3MQZO5NU.
Thanks so much. I will also need a train leaving Cambridge on Tuesday going to London Liverpool Street no later than 16:30.|The closest train to your departure time is the 15:59 out of cambridge, arriving london liverpool at 17:27. Would you like to book tickets on that train?
Yes I'd like to book 5 tickets. And can I get the reference number?|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is M0DKTWYA. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is everything I needed. Thank you!|We are glad to be of help. Enjoy your trip and have a wonderful day.
I'm looking for a train to cambridge leaving after 09:30, can you help?|Hello, we have many trains going to cambridge.  Where will you be departing from?
I am departing from Norwich. I would also like to leave on Wednesday.|There are a total of 14 trains leaving Norwich on Wednesday every hour beginning at 10:16. Would you like to book the 10:16 train or any later train?
The 10:16 will be great, I'd like to book for 1 person please.|Your fee will be 17.6 GBP, payable at the station, and your reference number is  J3K7VE8G. Do you need anything else today?
Yes, I would like some suggestions on places to go on the west side of town.|clare hall is an excellent choice on the west end.
Is this a type of entertainment?|No, Clare Hall is a college.
I am looking for attractions on the west side of town related to entertainment. Please recommend one and provide the postcode|I recommend Whale of a time and the post code is cb238el
Ok thank you, that's all I need today.|You're welcome. Please come back if you have any other questions!
I am looking for places to go in town centre.  What are some options?|I have the Mumford Theater at anglia ruskin enterprise, east road, or the fitzwilliam museum at trumpington street.
What are the entrance fees for all those locations?|The entrance fee is free for the museum is free, and the theater fee is unknown.
Okay, thanks for that information.  I would like to book a train as well. I'm leaving Tuesday after 16:00 from Cambridge.|Alright, where would you like to go?
I'd like to go from stansted airport to Cambridge.|TR8372 leaves at 16:24. Are you interested?
Yes, I need to book that for 8 people.  Please send the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 80.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : VHL6TYDF.
Thank you! Goodbye.|You're welcome goodbye.
I am looking for a train that leaves after 18:45 and goes to Leicester.|We have some options available after that time, what day will you need the train?
I need it to leave on Sunday from Cambridge.|Train TR9831 leaves at 19:21. would that be okay?
That would be fine. Can you book that for 6 people and give me the reference number?|I was able to book it, reference number is OYBQSBZJ.
Thank you. I also need a place to dine in the Centre area that serves Asian Oriental food.|There are 4, all in centre city. Is there a particular price range you'd like?
No, could you please tell me the price range and postcode for all 4 in the Centre area?|Sure!  Dojo noodle bar, cb21rq.  Yippee noodle bar is cb11lh.  J restaurant is cb21dp and kymmoy is cb12as.  Anything else?
That's all I need. Thank you.|Glad I could be of help. Have a nice night. Goodbye.
Can you get me information on a hotel called a and b guest house?|its a moderate price guesthouse on the east
Do they offer free parking or free internet? I may want to book a room.|They do offer free internet but do not offer free parking.  Would you like for me to help you book a room?
book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from saturday.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is V68HGSJZ. Will that be all?
I also need to take a train. The train should arrive by 08:30 and should go to Cambridge.|Where will you be departing from, and on what day?
I will depart from Kings Lynn on Saturday and need to reach Cambridge by 08:30.|There are many trains to choose from. Can you provide me with your departure time?
Unfortunately, I don't know the train schedule. I was hoping you could provide that to me. I just need to arrive by 08:30.|The TR6366 meets your criteria. You'll arrive at 07:58. Would you like to book tickets?
Yes please. I need six tickets.|Reference number is : 72J13Z02.
Thank you for your help.|Not a problem! Anything else I can help you with today?
That is all I need, thanks again!|No problem, goodbye!
I need a cheap place to stay please.|I have found 10 hotels that are cheap in the area. Is there a certain part of the city you would like to stay in?
Yes, I would like to stay in the west please.|There is one guesthouse and one hotel that fits your criteria. Both have free internet and parking. Do you have a preference?
Are they 3 star hotels?|Yes they are both 4 stars.  Do you have a preference of hotel or guesthouse?
I would like  a hotel please.|The Cambridge Belfry meets your criteria. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes please for 4 people for 2 nights starting on friday.|success! confirmation number is 44URFTUC. Can I help you find anything else?
I am also looking for help finding a train to stansted airport for Sunday departing from Cambridge.|Sure. What time would you like to travel?
it should arrive by 09:00|train TR1262 will arrive at 08:08 would you like me to book seats?
Yes, we'll need tickets for everyone in the party.|okay, reference # isN5S2FRHG, 32.32 GHP is payable at the station
Thank you so much for your help today.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|Wonderful, could I help you with finding a place to stay? Do you need a train or any information on local attractions?
I need a train after 14:15 from birmingham new street and need to go to cambridge and leave on tuesday|TR8466 leaves at 14:40 and arrives at 17:23, will that work for you?
Yes please I need that booked for one person.|Sure, your booking was completed. The total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station and your confirmation number is Q5H6ZU73. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I'm also interested in going to the theatre.  Can you help me find one?|your reservation is booked
I also need information on a theatre.|Sure, is there a particular part of town you would like the theatre to be in? You have options in the centre and south.
The area doesn't matter. Which one do you recommend? Can you provide the postcode, area, and entrance fee?|I would suggest adc theatre.
That will do. I'll need the postcode, area, and entrance fee, please?|The adc theatre is located in the centre and the post code is cb58as. I do not have the entrance fee available to me.
Thank you for the service, bye!|Have a great day.
Find a train to leicester that arrives by 21:00.|From which departure site, please?
The train will be leaving Cambridge on Thursday.|There are 14 trains that fit your needs. The first leaves at 5:21 and the latest leaves at 18:21. Would you like me to get a ticket for you?
Yes, I need 4 tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 151.19 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : DMK0CENV. Do you need anything else?
I'd like information on a hotel called warkworth house|What information are you looking for specifically?
I need to book it for 4 people starting from saturday for 5 nights.|Your booking was successful and your reference number is FDIQHZAR. May I help you with anything else?
No, that's all. Good bye.|Thank you, good day.
I'm looking for a train to Broxbourne.|What day would you like to travel on?
I would like to leave on Tuesday after 21:00 from cambridge. Can you accommodate?|Yes, there are trains departing at 21:01, 22:01 and 23:01 on Tuesday.  Which time would like?
2 tickets on the 21:01, please. And can you give me the reference number once that's booked?|I have booked your tickets. Your reference number is LJWDINYN. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thanks.  I would also like to go a museum on the east side.|I found 4 museums, I'd recommend the Cambridge Artworks as it is free to enter. Would you like any information on it?
Just the address, please.|They are located at 5 greens road.
Thank you very much. Should be all|Thank you for using our services.
Can you give me some information about colleges that I can visit while I am in town?|I see we have a total of 79 colleges.
What colleges are in the centre?  Please provide postcode, address, and phone number too.|There are thirteen colleges in the centre.
train should depart from peterborough and should leave after 21:45|Yes I will need your destination city and day of travel please.
I will be leaving monday, it will be to Cambridge.|TR1553 	Leaves Peterborough Monday at 21:48 	and arrives in Cambridge at 22:38. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, i will need 4 tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 66 GBP payable at the station . Your reference number is Y4IXQIJC
Thank you so much for all your help.|You're welcome! Have a wonderful day!
I  would like to book a train for Tuesday at 18:45 departing at bishops stortford and arrive at Cambridge.|What time would you like to arrive by?
I just need to leave after 18:45.|The TR9286 train goes from bishops stortford to cambridge	on Tuesday at 19:29, Shall I book that for one person?
Can you please book it for 4 people?|Hi..A reservation for 4 people has been confirmed. The reference number is 30MCMOEX and the price is 40.4GBP payable at the station. Anything else I can do?
No, thank you for your help.|you are welcome! Have a good day!
looking for a train in Cambridge,should depart from stansted airport and should leave on saturday|We have 19 trains that may suit your needs. Is there a particular time you are looking to leave or arrive by?
YES, COULD YOU PLEASE FIND ME A TRAIN FOR 10:PM TONIGHT? I PLAN ON GETTING ONE TONIGHT,SO I CAN ARRIVE BY MID-NIGHT.THIS WILL ALLOW ME TO GO RIGHT TO SLEEP.|Of course! Train TR0446 leaves at 20:24 and arrives by 20:52. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, thanks. I just need 1 ticket for myself.|Your reference number is 6ULUC5LP, is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you help me find a place to stay in the cheap price range with free wifi?|I'd be happy to find that for you. What are of the city would you like to be in, and do you prefer a hotel or a guesthouse?
I prefer a guesthouse please. Oh and I also will need free parking.|I have several great options. Do you need to be in a certain area of town? Alexander b&b in the centre has four stars.
Yes, that sounds perfect. Lets book it.|Alright, what day will you be there and how many days will you be staying? How many people will be staying with you?
On second thought, I'm going to hold off on booking that.  I appreciate all of your help and I should have all the information I need.  Goodbye!|Glad to be of help. Have a good afternoon. Goodbye.
I need a place to stay in Cambridge that includes free wifi. I don't need free parking.|Would you like to try cityroomz?  I can book it for you?
Is it in the West? what is the price range?|Cityroomz is moderately priced and in the centre. Are you open to places that offer free parking, or do you specifically want to avoid it?
I'm open to it, and I suppose the centre will do. But I'd prefer the west side if there is one.|I'm so sorry.  There are no hotels on the west side that match your requests.
That's okay, Cityroomz will work. Can you book it for 3 people for 2 nights starting on Tuesday?|Reference number is : Z9RFJQ4W. Anything else you need?
Yes I am looking for a Train that departs from Cambridge and arrives at Birmingham New Street.|Ok.  When were  you looking to leave?
I will be leaving on Wednesday after 14:30.|There are 9 trains listed. Would you like tickets for one of them?
Yes. Please select the first train available after 14:30 and book 3 tickets. then provide me the reference number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 225.3 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : XMBOA4E1. Can I help with anything else?
That is all for now. Thank you|Thank you for contacting us.  Have a great day!
I'm looking for a train that departs london kings cross on friday.|Can I get a destination for this trip please?
Yes, I'll be going to Cambridge, and I need to arrive by 13:15.|There are 4 different trains departing at 5:17, 7:17, 9:17, and 11:17.  Each of those trains will arrive before 13:15.  Would you like to book a train?
Any of those would be fine, I will be booking for 6.|I booked you on TR5686 arriving at 10:08. Your reference number is HVY7MBWS, the total is 141.6GBP payable at the station.
Great, thanks a lot. Can you also help me find a good restaurant in the centre of town?|Kymmoy looks good, would you like to book there?
I need a moderately priced restaurant that serves Chinese food.|Would you like to try Jinlin Noodle Bar?
That sounds great, could you give me the postcode?|the postcode is cb23pp. Would you like to make a reservation?
Can I just double check something? Is the Jinlin Noodle Bar moderately priced?|Yes they are, if you would like to book there, When would you like the booking anf for how many people?
Please book there for 6 people on friday at 16:00.  Thank you for your assistance.|Ok, I have that booked for you. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you so much. You have been most helpful. There is nothing else at this time. Good bye.|Thank you. Have a great evening.
i need a train that leaves norwich after 15:00|I can help you with that. What day would you like to travel?
I need to leave on Sunday and arrive in Cambridge please.|I have 9 trains available.  Do you have an arrival or departure time preference?
No arrival preference but it will need to leave after 15:00. Any one is fine. I'll need a booking for 3 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 42.24 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : RZKWMA85. It leaves at 15:16. Thank you and have a good day.
I would also like more info in a place I would like to eat at.|Absolutely. What is the name of the restaurant you have in mind?
The restaurant I am looking for is Dojo Noodle Bar.|I have found the Dojo Noodle Bar, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please book it for 3 people on sunday at 20:30|I've gone ahead and booked, the reference number is 9P2XXWAS, can I help with anything else?
That's it.  Thank you for your help.|Thank you for allowing me to help you. Have a great day.
I would like to book a train to Leicester that leaves on Saturday.|Yes, do you have a certain time you'd like to leave or arrive by?
I'd like to leave after 15:15 please.|Would you like to book a seat on TR1832? It will leave at 15:21 and arrive at 17:06, 105 minutes later. It will cost 30.24 pounds.
Yes, can you please book that for me and send me a reference number. Thank you|Booking was successful, the total fee is 30.24 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is VHWYUF80
i also want to check out some museums while i'm in town.|What area are you interested in?
In the centre, please|sure, there are several in that area. including art galleries and history museums.
If you can go ahead and recommend one and provide me with the phone number and address please. Thanks so much.|broughton house gallery is located at 98 King Street and their phone number is 01223314960. Do you need anything else?
That's all for today.  Thank you for your help!|Thank you for calling today.
I'm looking for a train that goes to Cambridge on Saturday|Would you like to leave or arrive by a certain time?
I would like to leave after 21:30.|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from broxbourne.|We have 3 options that meet your criteria. All depart within an hour of each other starting at 21:32. Would you like me to book one of them for you?
Yes, whichever train has seats available for 7 people.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 100.24 GBP payable at the station.  The train departs at 21:32. Your reference# is UZFW2TAQ. Is there anything else?
Yes, i am looking to book a room at the alexander bed and breakfast.|I found Alexander bed and breakfast . Do you want to make a reservation?
Yes bookit for the same group of people 4 nights.|What day will you be arriving?
Let's try for saturday, but if that is not available then tuesday would be fine|I was able to book you for Saturday.
thanks can I get a reference number please?|Your reference number is XVE54KKH. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That will be all, thanks again.|You are welcome enjoy
Hi. I'll be traveling to there and can't wait to try the restaurants there. Could you help me find a place?|Do you prefer a certain type of cuisine?
Yes, I would like to try South African cuisine.|I have a restaurant called Bedouin located downtown an 100 Mill Road, if that interests you.
Is it in the expensive price range?|Yes, Bedouin is in the expensive price range and is in the centre of town.
Yes, go ahead and book that restaurant for 7 people at 17:15, please.|On what day would you like to book?
We will be there monday night.|My apologies. The table you requested is not available at 17:15 on Monday night.  Would you like to try a different day or time?
Yes. Can you try 16:15?|I was able to make reservation for you on Monday at 16:15 for 7 people. Your reference number is KCIWXESP. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I am also needing train tickets for Tuesday going to London Liverpool Street.|Alright, there are 10 trains traveling to London Liverpool Street. Is there a particular departure or arrival time you are wanting?
I need to arrive by 12:15 please.|Can you tell me where you are departing from please and the number of tickets you will need?
I'll be leaving Cambridge and need 7 tickets.|I have train TR4494 that will be departing at 09:59 and arriving by 11:27. Would this interest you?
Yes, I would like to make a booking please for 7 people.|I have gotten you 7 tickets on train TR4494, reference number ENXXH8XH and the total fee is 116.2 GBP. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No you have been most kind. Thank you for doing the bookings. Are there any attractions in the same area?|Are you looking for an attraction in the Centre of town as well?
Yes, attractions in the Centre of town would be great.|what kind of attraction would you like to visit?
I have decided I don't really need an attraction. I think that will be all today.|Your restaurant and travel accommodations have been booked.  Reference number KCIWXESP and HTEPD4LJ respectively.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That would be it for today. Thank you|I hope you enjoy your stay in Cambridge. Goodbye!
Can you help me find a train leaving on sunday and arriving by 18:15?|Where are you departing from and what is your destination ?
I'm going from Cambridge to Standsted airport.|Train TR1526 leaves 17:40 and will get you there by 18:08.  Would you like some tickets?
Yes, that would be great. I'll need tickets for 7 people. I'll also need the reference number.|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I need a train from Cambridge to Stevenage please.|I have 4 trains for those locations. What day and time were you looking for?
I'd like to leave on Tuesday after 21:30, please.|There is only one train traveling from Cambridge to Stevenage on Thursday close to 23:30. It is the TR8239, would you like for me to book you a ticket?
Yes, please. I'll actually need 7 tickets.|I was able to reserve 7 tickets for you. Your total fee is 89.6 GBP and your reference number is BRQC79TR. Do you need anything else?
I also need an expensive lodging in the center of town.|I found 2 hotels, the gonville hotel, 3 stars,  and the university arms hotel, 4 stars. Which do you prefer?
Hmm, I was really looking for something with 0 stars. Can you check for any guesthouses instead?|Perhaps with different criteria? I have nothing for 0 stars, expensive, in the centre.
How about cheap price range?|I'm still looking, please stand by.
Okay, once you've found a hotel, could you give me the hotel type, post code and whether or not they have free parking?|The el shaddai is a guesthouse with free parking. The postcode is cb11eg.
Thank you so much, no need for booking, that is all of my questions.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
Hi. Can you help me find a train?|Where would you like to go to?
I will be going to Londons Kings Crossing.|Sure, just let me get a little more information.  Where are you departing from and when did you want the booking for?
I need to leave friday after 16:15 from cambridge.|TR6628 leaves Cambridge on Friday at 17:00 and arrives by 17:51 at london kings cross, does this suit your needs?
That sounds great, I'll need 4 seats please and a reference number.|I've booked that for you.  Your reference number is O4BRX03O and you'll owe 94.4 GBP payable at the station.  Anything else I can do?
Yes, please. I'm looking for an Italian restaurant in the east. Price range doesn't matter.|What area would you like to be in?
I want to eat in the East.|Okay, there is one that matches. It's the Pizza Hut Fen Ditton. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Not at this time but can I please get their postcode?|Of course, the postcode is cb58wr. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that will do it. Thank you and goodbye!|Have a good visit.
I'd like to know the location of Clare Hall.|Claire Hall is located on herschel road in the west side of town. Do you need more information?
Do you have clare hall's address?|Sure.  Clare Hall is on Herschel Road.
Can I also get the phone number please?|Sure, their phone number is 01223332360. Anything else?
Yes, I am looking for a train that leaves Ely and arrives by 16:30.|Sure, where will you be going to, and on what day?
I will be going to cambridge and I can arrive whenever.|What day will you take the train?
I will be leaving Ely on Sunday.|The TR5703 meets your criteria. Would you like to book tickets?
Yes please, for 3 people|Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.56 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : TDBKS2EJ. Can i help with anything else today?
That'll be all for today, thank you.|enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I have been working all week in Cambridge and need to blow off some steam, what nigthclubs are in the centre area?|There are 5 nightclubs in the centre. The names are ballare, club salsa, kambar, soul tree nightclub, and the fez club.
Fez Club sounds great! Is the phone number available?|The phone number for The Fez Club is 01223519224 and they are located at 8 Market Passage. The entrance fee is 5 pounds. Have fun!
Thank you, I will! I also need info for a train.|I can certainly help you with that. What are your departure and arrival cities?
I need to depart from Cambridge and arive in Peterborough, Wednesday, no later than 20:15.|Train # TR4875 leaves Cambridge on Wednesday 19:06 and arrives in Peterborough at 19:56. Would you like me to book your ticket?
Would you please? I would like 5 tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 82.5 GBP payable at the station, your reference number is 1A27YHAA. Will that be all?
Yes thank you for all the help.|You are quite welcome, thank you for using our services. Can I be of any further assistance today?
No that is it. Thank you.|You are most welcome!
I'm looking for a place called riverside brasserie|Riverside Brasserie is a modern European restaurant in the moderate price range. Would you like to book a table?
No, that is ok. Could you give me the phone number, though and I will take care of it.|01223259988 is the phone number
Thanks! I also need a train from Norwich on Thursday.|There are several trains departing Norwich on Thursday. Is there a specific time you are looking to depart?
leaving on thurs from norwich going to cambridge and I need to get there by 13:00|okay the TR3078 arrives by 12:35.
Thanks so much. Have a great day! Goodbye|Have a great time in Cambridge.  Goodbye.
I'm interested in finding a train that leaves after 09:15 on Monday|Where are you leaving from and going to?
I'm leaving from Broxbourne and would like to go to Cambridge.|May I recommend the 9:32 train from Broxbourne to Cambridge on Monday?
Sure. Thank you. I would like to book that train for 7 people. Please give me the reference number.|Your reference number is LMJ7AQ90. Is there anything else I can help you with?
i also want a place to go in the centre|I can help you with a variety of attractions in the Centre, was there anything in particular you wanted to see or do?
No, can you recommend something?|The Cambridge contemporary art museum is very nice and free!
What is their address?|6 Trinity Street. Is there anything else?
No that will be all thank you.|You're welome, have a great time in Cambridge.  Goodbye.
Hi, what can you tell me about a restaurant called hakka?|I can tell you that it's an expensive Chinese restaurant on the Northside. What else would you like to know?
I need to reserve in for Thrusday.|I have a lot of options. Was there a specific area you were interested in? How many people would you like to reserve for?
Yes, I would like a reservation at 18:15 on Thursday for two.|Unfortunately, there are no reservations available for Hakka at 18:15. Would you like to book another day or try another time?
Is there an opening at 17:15?|17:15 was successful. You're reference number is EWFXUJB5. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train  that leaves after 17:00 on friday departing from cambridge.|Where will you be traveling to?
I need to go to Birmingham new street.|I have train TR7420 that is departing at 18:01 and arrives by 20:44. Would that be acceptable?
Yes I would like to book the TR7420.|For how many tickets?
Book for two people. And, may I also have the reference number, please.|All set. Your reference number is 5M7M9RN1.
thank you so much goodbye|Thank you for choosing Help Desk. Good Bye.
I'd like to find a moderately priced Italian restaurant.|There are a few to choose from.  Are you looking for pizza or more of a varied Italian fare?
I would like more varied Italian fare, please.|Well then I would recommend Prezzo in the west that is also moderately priced.
I rather eat somewhere in the centre of town.|Pizza express serves Italian and is in the moderate price range
I'm looking for a train that leaves from London Liverpool Street on Thursday, is there any information you can give me about something like that?|Yes. Trains leave from London Liverpool Street every two hours, starting at 05:39. Was there a particular time of day you were interested in?
I would like to arrive by 11:00 in Cambridge.|There are three choices. The TR3839 departs London at 05:39 and arrives Cambridge at 07:07. That's the earliest departure. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, for 3 people, please.|Success! Your 3 seats are reserved and the total will be 49.8 GBP, payable at the station. Your reference number is SQ22G015. Can I do anything further for you?
Yes, I'd also like to find a place to go. I was thinking a nightclub would be fun.|Which area would you like for the nightclub?  we have 5 in centre and 1 in south.
It doesn't matter, what would you recommend?|In my opinion, the nicest one is Kambar nightclub. It's in the centre of town. Would you like more information on it?
Sure, can I have the phone number and address?|Their phone number is 01223842725, and they are located at 1 wheeler street.
Great! Thanks for your help today!|You're welcome! Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, you've covered everything.  Goodbye.|Goodbye! Have a great day!
I'm looking for a train, but I don't want to have to get up too early. There's something that leaves after 8:15, right?|We have trains that go from early morning to late night, what is the route you will be taking and on what day?
I need to get to Stansted Airport on Monday.|I have the TR0797 departing at 08:40 and arrives at 09:08. Would you like me to book that for you?
book for 2 people and get me the reference number|Sure! The reference number for this booking is QA51IFDT and the total fee with be 20.2 GBP payable at the station. Can I assist you with anything else?
Thanks! Could you also help me find somewhere cheap to stay?|I have several options for you, did you want to stay in a particular area?
The area doesn't matter but I do need free wifi, please.|I have 10 places you could stay. Would you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
A guesthouse will work out better and I need free parking too.|alexander bed and breakfast is a very nice place and it fits your needs. Shall I book it ?
Sure.  The two of us want to stay for two nights starting Saturday.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : AVJ0CKBP. anything else?
Great that's all that I needed for today.|Alright, have a lovely day.
Thank you, you too.|Than you very much!
Please find me a train out of bishops stortford on Tuesday|No problem!  When are you looking to depart?
I need to leave on Tuesday after 17:45.|The earliest train after that time is TR9286. It departs at 19:29 and arrives in Cambridge at 20:07. Would that work for you?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|How many tickets would you like?
I would like to book it for 8 people, and if I can have the reference number. I wil also be looking for a museum in the centre.|Okay I was able to book that for you and your reference number is 3UMAE1F5.
That's perfect, I want to visit some museums in the town center with the family. Can you suggest some?|how about broughton house gallery? it looks lovely.
That sounds great can I get the phone number and postcode?|Their postcode is cb11in. Their phone number is 01223314960. Will that be all?
Yes. that is all for now. good bye!|Have a great trip!
I need a train for Tuesday after 12:30|Where would you  like to go
I need to go from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford.|TR2771 leaves at 13:29. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes, please. I'll need it booked for 5 people. Can I please have the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 50.5 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : 38589BRC. what else can i do for you?
I'm looking for a place to go in the south. I'd like it to be of the type multiple sports.|The only multiple sports is located in the east. Can I get you information for that place?
Yes, since there is no multiple sports location can you pleas find me something in the east.|There are ten places in the east to pick form, any specific interest in a type of place?
Anything that would be entertainment.|funky fun house and also cherry hinton hall and grounds are both in the east.
Can I get the address to the funky house?|They are at 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate, postal cb58hy, no info on entrance fee but they can be reached at 01223304705 to answer that.
Great that's all I needed to know today, thank you.|Thank you for using our system today!
I need a train leaving Cambridge after 21:15.|Ok, I have 5 options for you. The earliest leaves at 21:59.
I would like to travel on Saturday and go to Leicester.|The TR7610 leaves Cambridge at 21:21 and arrives in Leicester at 23:06. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, can you book me a ticket for 3 people?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 90.72 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is DKV6X3Z3
Wonderful.  Can you tell me if A and B Guesthouse is still around?|Yes I have a listing for the a and b guest house.
Can get some detailed information on this place?|Sure thing!  It is in the east, moderate priced and 4 star.  Need me to book a room?
Can you tell me the phone number, hotel type, and postcode?  I need to check on a few things.|The phone number for A and B Guest House is 01223315702 and the postcode is cb12dp.
Thank you. I will call you back if we decide to stay there.|Okay sounds good is there anything else I can do,
No, thank you. YOu've been a great help.|Your welcome and good bye
Can you help me find a nightclub to go to located in the centre? Thanks.|There are many to chose from. Do you want a recommendation?
Yes please make a suggestion.|Of course I would recommend kambar located at 1 wheeler street.  The entrance fee is 5 pounds.  Would you like their phone number?
Yes, and their postcode as well.|Their postcode is cb23qb. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I need a train to Cambridge.|Sure, I can help with that. What day and time would you like to leave?
The train should arrive by 12:00 and should depart from peterborough. The train should go to cambridge and should leave on monday.|There is a 12:19 that will arrive by 13:09.  How does that sound?
Yes that is fine please make a booking for 7 people.|Reference number is : XV2WDRAA. Is there anything else you need?
Can I get the reference number for this?|The reference number is XV2WDRAA. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That was all for today, thank you.|I'm happy to be of service, and thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I'm looking for a train, it should leave on tuesday and should depart from cambridge|Sure. Do you have any preference for departure or arrival time?
I want to depart from cambridge on tuesday at 14:00 and go to bishops stortford|TR8017 leaves at 15:29. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please. I'll need 8 tickets.|I was able to book those tickets for you. Your reference number is 0MHT5ESU. Is there anything more I can assist you with?
Can you give me a few places to go in town for architecture?|For architecture you have all saints church, old school, holy trinity church, and little saints mary's church.  Would you like any information on any of those?
Yeah, holy trinity church sounds good. Can I get the postcode for that?|Yes, it's postcode cb23nz. Would you also like their address or phone number?
Nah, that's all I needed.|Great, text us back anytime, and have a good day!
hello.  I'm trying to get to kings lynn on sunday.  can you help?|Of course. To be of better service can I ask your departure location and what time you would like to arrive on Sunday?
Depart from cambridge and arriving by 0930 please|TR8042 will depart cambridge Sunday at 8:11 and arrive in Kings Lynn at 8:58.  How many tickets would you like to book?
That will work, I just need 1 ticket please and also the reference number.|I've booked it. Your reference number is 6UPAI5J3. What else can I do for you today?
what attractions do you have in the centre of town?|There are multiple types of attractions in the centre of town. What are you interested in so I can better help you?
Something located in the city centre. Also may I have their phone number?|We have 44 entries in the area. What type would you like?
I am not entirely sure. What would you recommend?|Are you interested in archaeology? Our Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology might interest you. Or if you want to exercise, Parkside Pools would be a fun venue.
The Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology sounds good. Can I get the phone number?|Their phone number is 01223333516
Great, that's all I need, thank you!|Awesome, have a great day!
I'm just looking for a place to go in the centre of the town.|I have 44 attractions in the centre of town.  What type of attraction are you looking for?
What do you recommend I need the phone number and entrance fee information as well.|I would recommend the old schools. The address is trinity lane and it's free admission. Will this work?
Perfect. May I have the entrance fee and phone number please?|The entrance fee is free and the phone number is 01223332320.
I'm also looking for a train that departs after 13:00 from Stevenage.|sure, what's your destination?
It should be going to Cambridge|TR7785 leaves at 13:54. Would you like me to book it?
Yes. Book for 8 people please.|I was able to book it for you the reference number is I9C3W0X1. The cost is 102.40 gbp that you can pay at the station.
Okay, great! That's all I needed. Thanks! Have a good day!|Thank you for using our system!
I need a train. The train should leave on wednesday and should go to stevenage.|I have 10 options available. Is there a particular time you wish to depart?
Yes, I have to leave Cambridge and arrive by 19:45 in Stevenage.|TR5695 departs at 05:21 and arrives at 06:10. Can I book that for you?
Yes please, just myself. Can you please provide the reference number as well?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 12.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is: 26IZGBI5. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a hotel as well.|OK, where are you wanting the hotel to be at, or do you have a specific price range you would like to stay in?
No price range,please book me a place and I need postcode|What type of lodging would you prefer?  And in which area?
Actually I think I've heard of a specific place - the Bridge Guest House? Do you have any info on them?|The bridge guest house is located in the south and is in the moderate price range. Would you like to make reservation?
No, I don't need a reservation at this time. But can you provide me with their postcode?|Sure, the postcode is cb28rj. Anything else I can get you today?
No that is all the information I needed. Thank you for all your help. Goodbye|Your welcome, good bye
I would like to dine at a restaurant serving Indian food on the east side of town. Any suggestions?|Okay there are four different restaurants. What is your price range?
Price does not matter.|I would recommend Pipasha Restaurant.
Great, can you book me for 5 people at 11:45 on tuesday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : MLAA1D4V. anything else i can help you with today?
I also need to travel by train to Norwich, some time on Tuesday after 14:30.|There is a train departing Cambridge for Norwich at 14:36 on Tuesday.  Would you like me to book this?
Yes please and I need a confirmation number|It has been booked! Reference number is BSJKVN2Y. Do you need anything else?
Thank you goodbye|You're welcome, have a great day!
I am looking for information in Cambridge, looking for a train|OK, I can set you up.  Will you be coming to or from cambridge?  I could also use a date and time.
I am headed into Cambridge from Leicester.|Ok, and what day do you want to travel?
arrive by 10:15 and should leave on sunday and book it for 2 people thank you|Train TR0440 will get you to Cambridge by 09:54. I will book it for you. Your total fee is 60.48 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 1YRU0L1Z.
I also need the name and number for an expensive restaurant in the city center.|Ok.  There are 33 options to choose from.  Are you interested in a particular type of food?
Yes expensive Korean food.|Little Seoul is an expensive Korean restaurant located in the centre. Would you like me to book a table?
Yes, please book a table.|Okay, for how many people and what time?
for 2 peopl  at 18:15 on sunday|Okay perfect. Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : XSMICBEN. Anything else?
No. That is all for today. Thank you.|OKay great it was a pleasure working with you today.
I've got to run so I'm not late for work. Thanks. Goodbye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
Hi there, I'm looking for a train that gets into Cambridge by 09:30|We have lots of trains that come in by then.  Where are you departing from?
I'm leaving from Kings Lynn.|What day would you like to travel?
Wednesday is the day I want, please.|I have a train that gets into Cambridge by 08:58.
That would work perfectly. Can you get me 5 tickets for that train?|Your booking was successful and the amount due at the station is 49 GBP. Your reference number is OGXNDTVX. Can I do anything else for you?
I need a place to dine that serves chinese food and is in the south.|There are three restaurants available. Did you have a price preference?
Not really. Can I just have the address, postcode, and phone for  your favorite?|the good luck chinese food takeaway is expensive. the phone number is 01223244149. the address and postcode are 82 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton cb17ag. anything else?
That is all I need.|Ok great. Have a great day.
Hi, I need to take a train on Wednesday, can you help me?|Absolutely! Where will you be heading to and leaving from?
I need to leave Peterborough for Cambridge Wednesday after 19:15.|There are 10 options available for the same price, 16.50pounds. Is there a certain time you need to arrive by?
As long as I leave by 19:15 it will be fine.  There are 4 of us.|Okay, booking was successful, the total fee is 66 GBP payable at the station.  Your reference number is : MCCA0VK8.
Thank you for all your help.|We are happy to help. Have all of your needs been met?
Yes they sure have, thanks!|Thank you, goodbye.
I need to find a modern european restaurant in the south please.|Yes, the restaurant alimentum is a great choice, would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes, please! I'd like a table for 3 on Monday at 13:00, please.|Your booking is successful. Your reference number is JCI12G5U. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you for your help!|Thanks! Have a great day!
Actually, I do need something else. A train home that leaves Cambridge after 16:45.|I'll need some additional information from you before we can proceed. Where will you be traveling to and on what day?
I need to go to Bishops Stortford on Tuesday.|I have train TR2153 that will leave at 17:29 and arrive in Bishops Stortford at 18:07. Would that work for you?
That's perfect.  Can you make a reservation for 3 on that train, please?|I can make the reservation for you.
Great!  I just need the reference number.|You all set the reference number is ALH3FL92, can I help with anything else?
No thank you. That's it. Bye!|You are welcome.  Have a nice day.  Bye.
Any fancy restaurants in town?|We have tons of options!  Whats your favorite type of food?
I was looking for Chinese food.|We have several restaurants serving Chinese food in town.  What price range and part of town would you prefer?
I would like expensive Chinese food located in the centre of town please.|You can try sesame restaurant and bar at 17 Hills Road City Centre. The phone number is 01223358899. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please book it for 2 people on Sunday at  17:15.|I made those reservations and your reference number is DL52IYMD.
Alright great, that's all I need thank you!|You are very welcome. Enjoy your dinner.
I need a train that leaves after 15:00 on Tuesday.|I can help with that.  What are your departure and destination choices?
Cmabridge to Norwich.|There is a train leaving at 15:36 that arrives by 16:55 on the date you chose.  Would you like to book a spot now?
Yes, and I also need that for 3 people and the reference number.|The booking was successful. Your reference number is 1Q1VEFOG. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I am also looking for a restaurant. Are there any expensive restaurants in town that serve British food?|Yes, I recommend Graffiti. It's a fine British restaurant on the west side of town.
Could I get the reference number?|What time would you like to eat? Are you eating with the same 3 people?
Yes, the same party. I'd like the reservation for 10:00 that same Tuesday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : PX5OGMLQ. Anything else for you today?
No thanks. That's it. Have a good one. Bye.|Have a great day and text us back anytime!
I'd like to get to Cambridge by train, but I'm afraid I need to travel on Sunday. Will that be possible?|From where are you departing?
I am leaving from Broxbourne.|There are 19 trains running from Broxbourne to Cambridge on Sunday. Is there a particular time when you need to travel?
Can you get me one that'll arrive by 18:30?|I have just the train for you!  TR9331 will arrive in Cambridge at 17:32, which is within your desired timeframe.  Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please.  I need 2 tickets.|I was able to get 2 tickets. Your total is 28.64 GBP and will be payable at the station. Your reference number is 8UDKCNBU.
Perfect, thank you! I'm also looking for a guesthouse in the area, preferably in the North. Do you have an option that has free parking?|We have many in that area with free parking. Might I suggest the acorn guest house?
Sure. Please book for 4 nights starting on the same day.|I will go ahead and book that for you.
Thank you so much.  Can I get the reference number also, please?|I'm sorry, how many people would you like to book the room for?
2 people, 4 nights, for sunday.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is : I78WB6O9.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No. Thanks a bunch! Goodbye|You're welcome, it was a pleasure serving you!
What can you tell me about Great Saint Mary's Church?|Yes, it is a beautiful place known for architecture located in the centre area.  It is on market square and has an entrance fee of 2 pounds.
Can I get the phone number please?|01223350914, is the phone. Need anything else?
Yes. I am also looking for a train from Cambridge that arrives at 18:45.|There are many that arrive at that time, what destination would you like?
I am going to london kings cross on wednesday.|I have a train TR372 leaving cambridge at 5:00 and arriving at london kings cross 5:51. Would you like to reserve this?
Yes, please.  I need 6 tickets and a reference number.|The booking was successful. The total fee for 6 tickets is 141.6 GBP, and the reference number is DP9XQXKS. Is there anything else you need help with?
That's all! Thank you!|You are very welcome. Have a nice day. Goodbye.
I am looking for a train departing from Bishops Stortford.|There are 70 trains departing from that location, would you like to narrow it down some?
I am looking to go to cambridge on thursday.|I have 10 available trains. Is there a particular time you would like to leave or arrive by?
I need to leave on Thursday and get there by 9:15, is that OK?|Yes. There are two available trains. One leaves at 5:29 and arrives by 6:07 and the other leaves by 7:29 and arrives by 8:07. Which would you prefer?
I'd like the later one, please. I'll need 8 tickets.|Sure, we have one other option TR1242 leaves at 07:29 and arrives at 08:07. For 8 people your reference number is : 6A76VGSK.
Okay great! Thanks for all your help.|It's my pleasure. Goodbye!
Can you please tell me how to get to the Curry King restaurant please?|Curry King restaurant is located in the centre of town, address 5 Jordans Yard Bridge Street City Centre, postcode cb21ug.
Could I please get a table booked for 1 person on Sunday at 20:00?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Your reference number is : PQ0VC3CL. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, yes, I also need to find a train. I'd like to leave on Monday, departing from Cambridge.|Might I ask if you had a destination and arrival time in mind?
I want to arrive at birmingham new street by 11:30.|Fantastic, there are five options available to you, all priced at 75.10 pounds. They leave a minute after the hour every hour, starting at 5 am. Which would you prefer?
I'll take the third train.  For one person, and I need the reference number.|Hello, the reference number for your booking is B6OKTGHX.
Thank you very much. Have a nice day!|Thank you for using our system!
I am going to cambridge and need a hotel|I can help with that. Do you have a preferred price range in mind?
Not really.  I like 4 star places that include free parking though.|I have several places. Which area would you prefer to be in.
I'd like to be in the north side of town.|I did not find a hotel that fits your criteria on the north side of town, but there are several guesthouses.  Would a guesthouse be okay?
That is great. Can you provide me the phone number and price range of the best guest house?|Yes the phone number to the acorn guest house 01223353888 with a price range of moderate
I am also look for a train on saturday to broxbourne.|There are several trains headed to broxbourne. What time of day would you like to leave?
I would like to leave after 16:15.|Train TR5688 is departing to broxbourne at 17:01 would you like to book this?
Yes, can you please book for 3 seats?|That booking was successful, the total fee is 42.96 GBP and your reference #1l0FBGWG
Thank you. That's everything I needed.|Thank you for contacting us. Have a good day.
Please send me general information about a particular hotel called the lensfield hotel.|The Lensfield Hotel is an expensive hotel in the south rated 3 stars. Internet and parking are included in the price of your stay. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, could you make a reservation for just me starting on Monday?|it was  successful.Reference number is : MB909S4Y.
I am also looking for a train out of bishops stortford please.|i will book it for you and thank you for your time with us
Is there a place in the centre that serves asian oriental food?|We have the dojo noodle bar do you want to book ?
That sounds great, yes please book that.|I would be happy to do that for you. What day and time would you like?
14:00 on Monday.|Okay, great. I'll just need the number of people attending to make your reservation.
The reservation needs to be for 8 people.|Your reservation is all set. Reference number H1IITSND.
i also will be needing a trian|I can help you. Where are you departing from?
I will be departing from Bishops Stratford.  I want to travel on the same day as the restaurant booking, but I need to arrive in Cambridge by 09:00.|TR0532 arrives at 08:07. Do you need a ticket?
make a booking for the same group of people.|Reference number is : O2VN10GD. Is there anything else?
No thank you. That will be all.|Okay, enjoy your trip!  Have a great day.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge, looking for a train|sure, what day will you be traveling?
I need to leave on a Saturday.|Please tell me your destination and departure site so that I can narrow down the options
norwich and should leave at 10:30|Just to clarify, you want to leave Norwich to head into Cambridge on Saturday, after 10:30?
Yes, correct. I'd like to make a booking on that train for 3 people.|Sorry, there is no 10:30 train available, but I could book you on an 11:16 train instead.
Yes, that would be fine. And I will need a reference number please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 42.24 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 3PH9MFON. anything else?
Yes, I need somewhere to eat that day. Are there any good Italian restaurants on the south side of town?|There are a couple of options.  Did you have a preference between moderately priced and expensive?
That doesn't matter.  Could you recommend something?|I would recommended frankie and bennys.  Do you need a reservation?
Sounds good. I need to book a reservation for 3 people.|What time and day would you like to reserve it for?
I need to book a table for the same group of people at 21:00 on the same day.|Excellent. Your booking was successful and your reference number is WCEMVAAG. Your table will be held for 15 minutes.
Great! Thank you!|Can I assist you further, today?
Nope, that's all I needed. Goodbye!|I'm glad we could be of assistance today. Good-bye.
I am looking for a train to stevenage.|Ok.  Where are you leaving out of?
I'm leaving out of Cambridge.|Great there are 70 trains, do you have a day or time?
I need to arrive by 9:30 on Thursday.|TR2016 leaves at 05:21 and arrives by 06:10. Would you like to book this train?
Yes for 4 people please. I will need the reference number.|4 tickets to arrive by 9:30!
Can I have the reference number for the train booking please?|I have another train that leaves at 07:21 and arrives at 08:10 if that would be better?
That is not better. I would like a reference number for the 4 tickets already booked, please.|Sure thing. The reference number is L130XFN9. How else may I help?
Thanks. That's all I need. Have a good day.|You as well, enjoy your trip!
Does Cambridge offer any expensive, Singaporean cuisine?|There are no restaurants that match your request. Would you like to search in a different price range?
How about Indian food instead? I like Indian food just as much.|I can book you a table at cocum.
No thanks, I just need the phone number and postcode, for now.|The phone number is 01223366668.  The post code is  cb30ah.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, can you help me find a hotel?|of course, is there an area of town you're interested in?
I actually need a train. For Thursday.|Where you travel to and from?
I'm departing from Cambridge and it should arrive at Peterborough by 11:15.|Ok great. The TR9886 will fit your needs. Would you like to book this train?
Yes, please book it for two!|Booking was successful, the total fee is 33 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : 13I8FUI1.
Thank you for the service, that's all I needed.|You are welcome.  Have a pleasant stay in Cambridge.  Bye.
Can you tell me about the Carolina B&B?|The carolina bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in the east that is in the moderate price range. Are you looking to stay a specific day?
Yes, I need the guesthouse starting Wednesday for 6 people and 3 nights.|Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please book that for me.|Oh dear. I am sorry but the hotel is not available for the time specified. Could we look at a different day or number of nights?
Oh sure, try for 2 nights instead of 3.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is LNE5KHXR
I would also like to find a train that will arrive by 13:45 departing from Cambridge.|Sure, I will be happy to assist you. What day would you want to travel?
I need to get to Kings Lynn on Friday.|TR2621 leaves Friday at 12:11 and arrives in Kings Lynn at 12:58.  Can I book that for you?
Yes, I would like to book it for 6 people. Please provide me with the reference number as well.|Booking was successful. The total price is 58.8 GBP and your reference number is 24ZD48NB.
Great, thank you!|Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that's all for now. Goodbye.|No problem. Thank you!
I need to get to Cambridge on Sunday. Can you find me a train from Kings Lynn please?|We have several different time slots for Sundays train to Kings Lynn. What time is good for you?
I need to leave after 15:00.|The first train to Cambridge from Kings Lynn departing after 15:00 is the TR2965, leaving at 15:11. Would you like to reserve a seat on this train?
Yes.  Please book that for 3 people.|I booked the train. Your reference is HFQYOUMG. Do you need anything else?
I am also looking for a hotel on the north side of town with a 1 star rating|What is your preference on price?
I do not have a preference on price, but it must include free parking.|I'm sorry, we don't have any hotels fitting your criteria. Would you like to search for something different?
If there is no such hotel, how about one that has a star of 4|I'm sorry I do not have any 4 star hotels in the north part of town with free parking. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Huh. That's odd. I was told there was a good one.|On the north side there are 2 moderate priced hotels both have free parking and internet. They are both 2 stars. Would you be interested in one of these?
I really would prefer a 4 star hotel. Can you please look again on the north side?|I looked again, and there's nothing meeting your criteria. We have several 4 star guesthouses in the north with parking, would that work?
Sure, I'll need it for the same group of people for 3 nights.|Would you like me to recommend a 4-star guest house is the north?
Would you like me to book it for you ?|I would recommend the acorn house.
Ok, can you book for same group of people 3 nights starting on same day?|Booking was successful. Reference number is : VTJW67PC. Acorn guest house starting Sunday for 3 people and 3 nights. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
You have helped me with everything I need today.  Thank you! That will be all.|Have a great time.
Hi there. I would like to find a train leaving Cambridge.|where are you going to? and what time would you like to travel?
I am going to Peterborough and it should arrive by 17:00 on Tuesday.|Train TR5902 will suit your needs. May I book it for you?
Yes please, I need to book it for 6 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 99 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 9YJM47UH.
Thank you I also need help with a hotel. I am looking for a 4 star hotel. What you got?|I have 3 entries available. 2 in the west and 1 in the centre. Do you have a price in mind? Two are expensive and one is cheap
I would prefer the cheaper one, please. What's it called?|The cambridge belfry is located on the west side and is super cheap.
They sound like just what I need. Could you verify whether they have free parking, and give me their address?|Yes they have both free wifi and parking. It's located at back lane, cambourne in the west. Would you like me to book you a room?
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel in the cheap price range, the place should have free parking.|The cambridge belfry is available, would you like to book there?
Yes, please for 6 people starting tuesday night.|how many days will you be staying?
I'm sorry, I changed my mind. I don't need a room booked. I just need their address.|No problem. Their address is back lane, cambourne. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No thanks. That is all I needed.|If you think of anything else you need don't hesitate to contact us, we're always happy to help.
Hello, I need a hotel that's moderately priced, please.|Would you like me to book arbury lodge guesthouse
What is the star rating of the arbury lodge?|It has a four star rating. What else can I do for you?
I am really looking for one with a zero star rating.   What do you have available.|Cityroomz is 0 stars and moderately priced. Do you need assistance booking a room today?
Could you please book for 1 person for 4 nights starting from Saturday. If 4 nights is not available, how about 2 nights. I also need the reference number.|We couldn't do 4 nights, but I do have you booked for two. Your reference number is L4N1ZRYO. Anything else I can do for you today?
I need a train on Sunday to Cambridge, please.|There are 202 trains, do you have a specific day time or departure in mind?
Yes.  I need the train on Saturday also.  It should leave Norwich and arrive by 8:45.|I have booked for you train TR4202. he total fee is 14.08 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : PI9JS0X7.
Can you find me a multiple sports attraction in the centre?|Sorry there's no multiple sports in the centre. Would you like to try a different area?
Are there any museums in the centre?|Yes, quite a few! There's Broughton House Gallery, the Whipple Museum of the History of Science, and more. Would you like to know more about them, or the others?
Yes I would love some information.|There are 11 museums in the area.  They are all free.  There are several art museums, an archaelogy museum, and a science museum.
Could I get the address, phone numbers, and postcodes of them please? I'm also looking for a train from cambridge to broxbourne.|Primavera is at 10 King s parade CB2 1st, the phone number is 01233357708. What day would you like to board the train?
Sunday, and it should arrive by 12:00.|Train TR9580 departs from Cambridge at 10:01 on Sunday and arrives at Broxbourne at 11:01. Would that work for you?
Yes, can you book it for 3 people and get me the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 42.96 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : IRD8RUWO.  Do you need help with anything else?
No, actually. I am all finished. Thanks for the help. Goodbye.|Okay great, have a good day.
Any trains leaving after 18:00?|There are lots of trains that leave after 18:00. Where would you like to travel?
I would like to travel to the Stansted Airport and leave from Cambridge.|Great! That narrows it down a lot. What day will you be leaving?
We will be leaving on Tuesday.  Please book four seats on the train and provide the reference number.  Thank you!|OK, you have 4 tickets reserved on TR9495, leaving Cambridge at 18:40 on Tuesday. The total fee at the station will be 40.4GBP, and your reference number is 4LL98NYC.
I also need a moderate priced guesthouse.|Sure. I can assist you with that request. How many nights will you be staying?
i only need the details. is it a 3 star?|alpha-milton guest house is the only 3 star hotel fitting your description.
Can I have the address, phone number and the area its in please.|It is in the north, address is 63 Milton Road and the phone number 01223311625. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is everything for today, thank you.|Thank you for calling. Please call if you need anything else. Goodbye.
Could you assist me in finding a train to stevenage please?|There are 70 results for trains going to Stevenage.  To narrow the results, what day are you travelling on and what time would you like to arrive?
Thursday, leave after 10:30.|There is a train that leaves at 11:21.
ok, is there anything that leaves earlier than that?|No, there isn't. Would you like me to book you on the earliest departing train?
Book the 11:21 train for 7 people please.|The booking was successful. The total fee of 89.6 GBP can be paid at the station. The reference number is YTB38FE3.
Okay now can you help me find the Avalon Hotel and tell me whether they have free internet, and where they are located as well as their address?|avalon is located at 62 gilbert road	in the north. They do have free internet
Thank you for that info on Avalon. I would like to make a reservation.|Okay! For when, how long, and how many people?
I want to reserve for seven people for three nights, please.|The reservation was successful. Thursday 7 people for 3 nights. The reference number is JBNCTENS. Can I help you with anything else?
No that'll it for the day. Thank you|You are welcome, have a great day.
I need a train on Friday, arriving by 12:15.|I can assist you with that.  Where are you travelling to and from?
I'm going from Cambridge to the Stansted Airport.|The TR5998 leaves cambridge at 10:40 and arrives stansted airport at 12:08. It's price is 10.10 pounds. There are earlier trains if you wish.
That one sounds fine. Can you book it for 3 people? I will need the reference number too.|I have booked your ticket, the reference number is : ECTZFFR5. Is there anything else I can do for you.
Not at this time. Thank you so much for everything. Have a great day!|You are very welcome, goodbye.
Can you tell me a bit about the entertainment type places in the center of town?|I have 44 places. What type are you looking for?
I want it to be a type of college.|There are 13 colleges in city centre. My personal favorite is Corpus Christi, even though they charge a 2 pound entrance fee.
Great, can I get the phone number and postcode?|Sure, the phone number is 01223338000 and post code is cb21rh.  What else can I assist you with today?
I'm looking for an entertainment venue in the centre of town.  Are there any?|unfortunately no. want to try another area?
No thanks! I forgot that I'm going to the college instead. I do need a train that goes to Cambridge on Wednesday. I will depart from Kings Lynn after 11:00.|I have a 12:11 that arrives n Cambridge at 12:58. Would you like me to boo that for you?
Yes, please I will need 5 tickets.|Your tickets have been booked. Your reference number is LNZ0GIXG.
Wonderful. Thanks very much for your help today.|Is there anything else you need help with today?
That's everything I needed. Thanks and goodbye!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I need information on a train to Cambridge. I prefer to get there by 16:30|is there a day of the week you want to travel ?
Saturday is nice|what about TR5729? it leaves at 13:17 on saturday
Don't you need to know where I am leaving from?  Does that train leave from Ely?|I'm sorry that one leaves from Cambridge. TR8176 leaves from Ely at 15:35 and arrives at 15:52.
Please book TR8176 for 6 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 21.12 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : J6SICRD5. Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you! Can you please tell me about a restaurant called Cotto?|I can. It's a restaurant in the centre that serves British food. It's moderately priced. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, please. I'd like to book a table for the same group of people at 19:45 on the same day.|We have booked you for Cotto, here is your reference number MRQ610AS.
Thanks. I am all set.|I hope you have a good trip.
Me too, my other line is ringing so this is a good time to end the dialouge.|It was a pleasure assisting you. Have a good night. Bye.
Currently planning to come out there but need to find a train that leaves after 15:30 and that will  depart from Norwich.|What day do you want to travel on?
I would like to leave on Monday.|I do not have a train that leaves by 15:30 on that day but soon after at 16:16. Would this work for you?
Yes. I will need two tickets.|Al set, your reference number is ZIY4Y3CA, the cost is 17.60 pounds per person payable at the station.
Can I also get information on wandlebury country park.|Yes, wandlebury country park is located at wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham, with phone #01223243830. Would you like any other information?
That is all that I needed. Thank you so much for the assistance.|You are welcome. Please comeback if we can do anything more for you!
I will. Thanks again. Good-bye.|My pleasure.  Enjoy your time in Cambridge.  Goodbye.
I am looking for entertainment in the east of town.|The east has both the funky fun house and cherry hinton hall and grounds. looking for something in particular?
What are their entrance fees?|I don't know what their entrance fees are.  I can give you the phone numbers to call  both of these places.
Can you please get me the entrance fee, address and phone number for these.|Cherry hinton hall and grounds phone is 01223446104. I have no information on the entrance fee.
Thank you. I also need a train to Cambridge, arriving by 19:15|On what day will you travel?
It will be on friday and I only need 1 ticket for myself.|Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from Kings Lynn.|what day will you be traveling?
I will be traveling on Friday.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 9.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : D6A6C4N1. Can I help with anything else today?
No thank you that will be all! Bye!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Hello, I am looking for a place to stay in Cambridge.|I can help with that. Do you have an area of town, or a price range in mind?
I'm not picky about the area of town or the price, but I absolutely need free wifi!|Ok, almost all of the hotels have free wifi, do you have a star rating you would like?
I don't care.|There are 32 hotels that have free wifi. Do you have any preference of price range or area, or should I choose one for you?
I would like a guesthouse type but the price range is not as important.|How about the moderately priced Rosa's Bed and Breakfast? I also have 22 other entries, if you would prefer something else.
Rosa's Bed and Breakfast sounds fine.  Can you book it for 3 people arriving on Thursday for 5 nights?|Yes I most certainly can! I have booked you into the Rosa and your reference number is 06D0FC6L.
Yes I also need to book a train for 3 people on Thursday between Bishops Stortford and Cambridge arriving by 09:00.|I have a 7:29 that gets into Cambridge at 8:07. I booked three people on this train per your instructions. The total cost is 30.29 pounds and your reference is 9AR1CBJM.
Thank you very much for your help today.|It was my pleasure. Safe travels!
I'd like to visit a museum in the center of town.|There are 11 museums in the town centre area, all with free admission.  Are you looking for a particular type of museum?
No. Why don't you pick one at random for me and give me the address and postcode.|Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum address 6 trinity street postcode cb21su
I am also looking for a train that should arrive by 15:15 and one that needs to leave on Tuesday.|Can you please give me your departure and destination?
Stevenage is my departure, my destination is Cambridge.|There is one train departing from Cambridge and arriving in Stevenage at 14:43. All other trains arrive earlier or later. Would you like me to book this for you?
That would be fine please book it for four people|Booking was successful, the total fee is 51.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : UJAL7AEJ.
Thank you. Your service was pleasant.|Thank you and have a wonderful day!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|What would you like to see while there?
I would like to go to an entertainment venue in the centre of town.|Unfortunately, I have many in other area but nothing in the centre. Can I look up something else for you?
How about a college then. I will need the address and phone number.|There are 13 churches in the centre. How about christi's college? The address is saint andrew's street.
Ok that will work. Can I get their phone number please?|Okay the phone number is 01223334900.
Thank you. I also need information on a train.|I'd be happy to help, where are you leaving from?
I need to leave London Liverpool Street on Thursday and get to Cambridge by 11:30.|There are four trains that match your request. What time would you like to leave?
I do not care about departure time. I would like you to get me one ticket.|You have been booked for the TR3839. It leaves Thursday at 05:39 and cost 16.60 lbs.  Can I do anything else for you?
That is all, thank you for your help.|Ok great, have a wonderful day!
I am looking for a high scale restaurant located in the city centre.|Is there a type of cuisine you are looking for?
No, I just want an expensive place in the centre.|I have about 33 different restaurants, but if you are looking for a recommendation I would say stop by Loch Fyne and try their amazing seafood!
That sounds lovely - what is their cuisine type?|Loch Fyne serves wonderful seafood.  Does that sound like something you'd be interested in?
Yes please but let's put that to the side and instead find me a train to Stansted airport - preferably one that gets there by 11:15|Okay, what day would you like to leave and where are you departing from?
I want to travel on Friday. My departure station is in Cambridge.|Would you like me to book it for you ?
Can you help me find a place to stay that has a 4 star rating?|I can certainly help you with that. Do you have a preferred price range or area?
Thank you. I am looking for a hotel in the west part of town.|I have 3 in west - two are cheap and one is expensive. Preference on price?
I do not have a preference on price as long as it has a 4 star rating and is a hotel.|I would suggest the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.  It is very nice.  Can I get you some information on it?
yeah, can you let me know if it has free parking?|Parking and internet are both included, would you like me to book you?
Yes, please book for 1 person for 4 nights starting from Thursday.|Your booking was successful. Reference number is : 6I8873PA.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I am looking for a train to Cambridge.|When will you be travelling?
I'll be leaving Friday after 20:45.|I have several options for you depending on your departure site. Where will you be leaving from?
I need to depart from Cabridge and go to Bishops Stortford.|There are few options to choose from. How many people are traveling?
I will have 2 people traveling.|Okay, would you like me to book TR4664?
Yes, please. I need the reference number.|The reference number is  0JI02QOT. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you that is all I needed.|Thank you have a nice day.
I need some help arranging a train that meets our schedule.|On what day do you wish to depart?
I need to leave cambridge on saturday arrive at stansted airport by 20:30|I have a train leaving at 6:40 and arriving at 7:08 it's train TR8598. Would you like reservations?
Yes. I will need it for eight people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 64.64 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is: LTQHUT3Y. Can I assist with anything else today?
Yeah, I'm looking for an expensive place to dine at in the southern area of the city.|What food type are you looking for?
The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the south, i do not have a particular food preference.|I have five places. Do you prefer, Italian, Chinese, Mexican or Indian?
i dont mind any|Okay, how about Peking Restaurant located at 10 Homerton Street City Centre? Would you like a reservation?
I don't need a reservation, but could you give me their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223354755.
Thanks. That is all I need for now.|enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I would like some information on the gonville hotel|The Gonville Hotel is rated 3 stars. There is free internet and parking. It is located at Gonville Place and their phone number is 01223366611.
Excellent. Could you book it for myself and my partner?|Sure.  Can you confirm when you will be arriving and for how many nights you will be staying?
My companion and I will arrive on Monday, staying for 5 nights, could you provide me with the reference number? We will need to book a train as well.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 5C9C9Y4I. now i can help you book a train
uh why yes you are very perceptive. depart cambridge arrive by 9:45 leaves on sat going to ely|I have train TR8860 and leaves at 5:50 and arrives at 6:07. Would you like reservations?
Yes, please.  Could you book that for five people as well?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : THCMI67T.
Thank you. That is all I need today.|enjoy your time with us in Cambridge, enjoy!
I need a train departing from cambridge after 09:30.|There are many trains departing Cambridge after 9:30. To what destination would you like to travel and on which day?
I would like to go to Norwich on Monday.|Trains leave hourly to Norwich. The closest time available is TR8495, departing 09:36 and arriving 10:55, with duration 79 minutes and price 17.60 pounds. Would you like to book this one?
Yes Please book TR8495.|How many tickets do you need?
I need 6 tickets for the train ride please. May I also have the reference number?|The booking was successful, the total fee is 105.6 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is WREO6QXS. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a hotel in Norwich please.|Okay to clarify, do you need a hotel in cambridge? And if so, do you have a certain part of town in mind?
Yes, in Cambridge, my mistake. I do say, all this travel is messing with my head... Please find a 4 star guesthouse north of Cambridge, with free parking I might add.|I have one inexpensive guesthouse available in north Cambridge and several moderately priced ones. Do you have a preference?
Can you choose one of the moderately priced ones for me, please?|Absolutely, what day would you like to book this for?
I'm not quite ready to book yet, could you just provide their information for me?|Yes the Acorn Guest House is popular and nice. They have both wifi and parking. Their address is 154 chesterton road. And their telephone number is 01223353888. Is there anything else?
No, that is all I needed. Thank you.|You're very welcome. Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre and have a great day.
Yes, hi. I am looking for a train to get me out of Cambridge to someplace fun. Can you help me with that?|Of course! Do you know your destination?
Yes, I would like to go to Peterborough. I want to travel on Friday and get there by 21:30.|Is there a time you would like to leave?
I need a train from  Birmingham new street to Cambridge departing on Monday.|I would be happy to help you find a train!  I have several options, do you require a particular departure or arrival time?
Yes, I do. I'd like to leave from Birmingham New Street on Monday and arrive in Cambridge.|And what time would you like to travel on monday?
I need to leave after 16:45 please.|TR3130 leaves at 17:40 on Monday from Birmingham New Street to Cambridge. Would you like me to book you a seat?
Yes, could you make a reservation for 6 and provide me the reference number when complete.|All booked for 6! Your reference # is 9WAFMF6U. Anything else I can do for you?
Can you get me the area and postcode for a cinema in Cambridge?|There are 2 which would you like? There is one in the south and the centre
It doesn't really matter.  How about the one in the centre?|the postcode is cb17dy this is the one for the south area.
Okay thanks, you've been a lot of help. Bye!|Thank you for contacting us, you have a nice day.
Greetings! Can you help me in locating a train to get me to Cambridge?|Certainly. Can you please tell me the location you are departing from and what day you would like to leave?
Sure.  I need to leave on Friday from Broxbourne.|We have several trains for that day. Did you have a particular time you wanted to leave?
I am going to need to leave sometime later than 17:15.  I will need 6 seats.|There are 7 trains available. When would you like to arrive bye?
It doesn't matter, I just need to leave sometime after 17:15.|I can book you on TR4322 from broxbourne to cambridge. It leaves at 17:32 and arrives by 18:32. Would you like that?
Yes please, for 6 people.|I booked 6 seats on TR4322, the price is 107.4 GBP and your reference number is RZUTECIJ. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That's all I needed for today. Thank you|I'm happy to be of service. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I need help finding a train.|I can help with that. Where would you like to go?
bishops stortford and should leave after  19:15 on sunday and go to cambridge|I have two trains on a Sunday matching those demands. One leaves at 21:07 and one leaves at 24:07. Any preference?
the 21:07 train please.|Train TR7879 will leave bishops stotford at 21:29 and arrive at cambridge by 22:07.
cool i need to tickets|OK, you have 2 tickets booked for a total of 16.16GBP. Your reference number is ASHITD7U. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, are there any museum that I should check out in the Centre area?|How about the museum of archaelogy and anthropology located at university of cambridge, downing street.  Entrance fee is free. Anything else I can help with?
yeah, what's their phone number?|01223333516. Do you need anything else?
No that will be it, thanks!|Have a great visit!
Hi I am looking for a place to eat that is in the moderate price range and also in the centre.|There are 21 great restaurants to choose from. Is there a certain type of cuisine you are looking for?
How about you pick a place for me reserve a table for 7 at 17:00 on saturday please.|How about La Tasca serving Spanish food?
As long as La Tasca is located in the centre of town and is moderately priced. If it is, yes that would be great. I need a reservation.|Yes, it meets all your requirements. I am happy to reserve a table. For how many guests?
I need reservations for 7 people at 17:00 on Saturday. I also need the reference number. I need a train that leaves after 11:30 on Tuesday.|Your table is reserved, reference #SRYTU96A.
I will also need a train.|Right. Do you know the departure and destination stations you want?
Yes, I'm departing from cambridge heading to leicester|The TR7692 meets your criteria. Would you like to book tickets?
I will need 7 tickets.|Booking is complete.  Your reference# is QL902A4M and the total fee is 264.59 GBP, payable at the station.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that is all for today. Thank you.|Thank you for using our services. Have a great day!
I would like to dine at a cheap restaurant on the west side of town. What are my choices?|Would you like to eat Italian or Vietnamese cuisine?
I would like Austrian actually.|There are no Austrian restaurants in the west. Would you like to try another cuisine?
How about Vietnamese food?|For Vietnamese, I have a great place called Thanh Binh. It is a cheap restaurant with great food. Would you like help reserving a table?
Yes, that would be great.  My party will consist of 7 people and I would like to book for 12:45 on Thursday.|Great.  your booking was successful and you table is reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is : 99A7DNB0.
Thank you. I would also like a train leaving on Friday going to Ely.|What time would you like to leave?
I want to leave in time enough to get to the restaurant on time|Would you like me to book it for you ?
I need to arrive by 18:45 on Friday.|TR9933 departs Cambridge at 17:50 and arrives in Ely at 18:07. Do you want me to book this for you?
Yes please, for seven people|Okay, I have booked that for you and the reference number is: UDP5WC1J. Can I help you with anything else?
I think that covers everything. Thanks for your assistance today, you've been so helpful!|Thank you! If you need anything else, please don't hesitate to ask.
Do you know an Indian restaurants in east Cambridge?|Yes I do. What price range do you have in mind?
Price does not matter.|Curry prince may be a good choice for you.
I forgot to mention I'm looking for something in the east area. If Curry Prince is in the east I'll just need the phone number please.|Curry Prince is located in the east area, their phone is 01223566388.  Is there any else I can help with?
I'm also looking for a train that departs from Cambridge.|When are you traveling?
I will be traveling on friday.|What time do you need to depart?
I need to arrive after 14:30.|What is your destination?
My destination is stevenage.|TR7852 looks like it would work for you, would you like to book that?
Yes please. Book it for 5 people|The booking was successful, the total fee is 64 GBP payable at the station . Your reference number is IR34MGT4.
That's great thank you.|Do you need anything else today?
That is all I need.|Okay, have a great day!
I'd like a train leaving on Monday and arriving by 11:45, please.|I can help you with that!  First, can you tell me the desired departure and destination locations?
London Kings Cross to Cambridge please.|How about a train that leaves at 05:17?
That works,will yhou book it for 5 people and I need the train number|Ok.  You should be set.  The booking was successful.  The train number is TR0378.  Would you like the reference number too?
Yes, I do need the reference number.|It is FE03L94U.
I am also looking for a 2 star hotel that's moderately priced. Can you help with that?|I have two options for you, both in the north side. Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge, all moderately priced, with free wifi and parking.
Are they both 2 star rated?|Yes, both are 2 star rated, moderately priced and located in the north. Both of them also offer free parking and free internet. Would you prefer one of them?
Yes book the Ashley Hotel for the same group of people for 2 nights.|I just need one more detail. What day would you like to book the hotel?
On Monday please.|What day will you be wanting the room for?
On Monday, please. I want a place to stay when I get there.|I have those rooms reserved for you. The reference number is: M99Y2T1R. Can I be of further assistance?
No, thank you very much for your help.|It was my pleasure to help. Have a great evening. Goodbye.
Hi, I'm looking to book a train that will depart from London Liverpool Street.  I need the ticket for Monday.  Can you give me available times?|I have trains leaving every 2 hours starting at 05:39 a.m. and a ticket will cost you 16.60 pounds.Would you to book a ticket?
I would like to leave London Liverpool on Monday.|I have quite a few trains leaving London Liverpool St. What time would you like to leave? That will help me find one.
I'm not sure when I need to leave, but I would like to arrive by 20:00.|I would recommend TR3183 which leaves London Liverpool Street at 17:39 and arrives in Cambridge at 19:07.
That would work perfectly! Can you book me 6 tickets please?|I will go ahead and book 6 tickets.
That you and whhat is the reference number ?|Your reference number is A70RK1W1 and 99.6 GBP is payable at the station.  Can I help with anything else?
Yes please. I'm looking for information on the Hamilton Lodge.|Hamilton Lodge is a guesthouse in the north that is moderately priced, rated 3 stars and has free parking and internet. Would you like me to book this for you?
yes for sunday please 4 nights for 4 people|I have made those reservations and your reference number is T7CK2MLJ.
Thank you, that will be all for today.|enjoy your stay
Can you help me find a place to stay while in cambridge in the north that has free wifi?|We have about 12 different options for you. Do you have a preferred price range? Or do you prefer a hotel or guest house?
I would like one with 4 stars.|That narrowed it to eight choices. How about Home from Home? It has free internet and parking.
That sounds like a perfect fit. Please book it for 4 nights starting this Friday, for 3 people.|I was able to book you for 4 nights for 3 people starting on Friday.  The Reference number is : 0GLJEDPZ.  Is there anything else you need?
I also need a train to norwich. I need to arrive by 8:15.|There are many options available. Do you know what day you will be leaving and what time you want to leave?
I'd like the train for wednesday and it doesnt matter when I leave, just need to arrive by 08:15.|There is a train that leaves at 5:36.
What time does it arrive?|There are 2 one arrives at 06:55 and the other is 07:55.
Can you please book that for 3 people, thank you in advance.|Your booking was successful. The total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station.
Wow, that was quick, you helped me a lot, thank you.|May I assist you with anything else?
May I have the reference number for the train and the train ID, please? I'm not sure which one I was booked on.|The train ID is TR9179 and the reference number is BGZHM2Z2. Is there anything else I can help with?
I need help booking a train from cambridge to ely.|Ok, what day are you traveling?
Tuesday and I need to leave after 16:45 please.|Yesm there is a train available, the TR7733, and leaves at 17:50. Would you like me to book this?
Yes please book it for 8 people and provide the reference number.|The train is booked for 8 people and the reference number is OPGQ4971. Do you need any other assistance?
Yes, I'm looking for a college to visit in town. Can you give me some info on what's around?|I would be happy to get that information for you. Can I help you find a restaurant or an attraction? Or would you like assistance with accommodations?
I am particularly interested in colleges if you would focus on that type of attraction. I would appreciate it.|There are 18 colleges in town. Do you have an area preference?
Are there colleges in the centre of town?|Yes, there are 13. I personally recommend corpus christi. Entrance costs 2 pounds. The address is king's parade, postcode is cb21rh, and phone number 01223338000.
Great, thank you so much! That will be all for today.|You are welcome. Please let us know if you need anything else. Have a great day!
What sort of moderately priced restaurants does Cambridge offer? I'm only interested in restaurants located in the Centre.|There are quite a few including British,Asian,Italian and many more.
I am looking to eat at a steakhouse.|I'm sorry I have no steakhouses that are moderately priced. is there any other cuisine you might like to try?
Can you check for Chinese?  I haven't had Chinese in awhile.|I have 3 moderately priced Chinese restaurants. I would recommend the Jinling Noodle Bar.
That would be just fine. Can you make reservations for 5 people at 18:00 on wednesday.|I was able to book your table for your per your request. The Reference number is : UZ2TEM53.  Is there anything else you need?
I am also looking for a train to Cambridge|Sure, where will you be departing from? Also what date and time were you looking to travel?
I'll be traveling from Ely to Cambridge on Wednesday. I need to get to Cambridge before noon.|Okay, how about TR2006? It leaves ely at 11:35 and arrives in cambridge at 11:52.
Yes thats perfect book that for the same group of people please.|perfect. i have booked and the reference number is WMH7ZZ71.is there anything else i can help?
Thank you. That is all that I need.|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
Thanks for all your help! Goodbye!|thank you that will be all,that was a big help too
Please find me a train from Cambridge to Leicester|Okay! When do you want to depart?
I'm leaving on Friday and I need to be in Leicester by 12:45.|Train ID TR5648 will be best for you. It will leave cambridge by 10:21 to arrive leicester by 12:06 and it will you cost 37:80 pounds.
Great. Please book me 6 tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 226.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : TQQ2P14Y.
Woo that's steep but thank you.  I also am interested in visiting the museum in the centre area of town, could you give me info on that?|I recommend castle galleries located at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street. Their phone number is 01223307402. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Excellent, can you give me the postcode?|The postcode is cb23bj. Can I help you with anything else?
nope that is it thanks for all of you help|You are welcome--have a great day!
I need a train leaving after 11:00 on wednesday if you can help me.|Certainly. Where would you like to go?
I need to go from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street.|I have TR4604 leaving at 11:59 and arriving at 13:27. Would you like to make reservations?
Yes please make a booking for 1 people.|I was able to book you for train TR4604. The total fee is 16.6 GBP.  The Reference number is : IG31YH6P.
I need to find a place to stay.|Okay what is your price range?
I would prefer a guesthouse in the cheap price range. thanks|We have many to choose from! Is there an area in town you want to stay in?
I'm not sure but it needs to have free wi-fi. Do you have some with those specifications?|there are nine places that are cheap guesthouses and offer free wifi and free parking. if you know an area i can narrow it down or i can suggest one.
I am open to any area, whatever you suggest is fine.|okay when are you planning your stay so I can book the room
I Need a cheap guesthouse with free wifi. I would like it to be a hotel.|I'm sorry, but your message is ambiguous. Would you like to stay in a guesthouse, or in a hotel?
I would like a guesthouse.|Would you like me to book it for you and get a reference number ?
Good morning, I am looking forward to trying some local restaurants when I arrive in Cambridge next week.|Wonderful. Is there a type of cuisine that interests you?
I would like to try some modern American food.|I'm sorry there appear to be no modern American restaurants in the area. Would you like to try something else?
Yes, can you check Chinese for me please?|There are 17 Chinese places that you may like, do you have further criteria to narrow it down?
what's the most expensive one?|I have nine in the expensive range. Is there an area you prefer?
No. I would like you to pick the best one you know of.|In that case, I would recommend the Sesame Restaurant and Bar. Would you like to know more about it?
No, that's okay.  Can I book a table for 2 on friday at 15:15?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : LZ2KI6G5.
Thank you. I also need train information. We are planning to leave on Saturday at some time after 11:45.|Would the TR4003 train departing at 13:00 and arriving in london by 13:51 work for you?
Yes.  That works.|How many tickets do you need?
I need 2 tickets please.|the total fee is 37.76 GBP payable at the station, reference number TKP9K1U4.
Thank you for your help.|Do you need anything else?
that is it for today thank you for asking|You're welcome. Have a great day.
I am looking for an expensive chinese restaurant to eat at.|Thank you, I will go to the peking restaurant at street city centre
Can you book me a table for 6 at 15:00 on sunday?|I'm sorry but it is not possible to book that time slot at that restaurant. May I try another time and/or day for you?
Can you see if there is a table for 6 at 14:00 on Sunday, then?|Yes! I am glad to inform you I was able to book you at the Peking on Sunday at 14:00 for 6 people and your reservation number is TSREFNQW.
Thank you, can you please help me find a train on Sunday that will arrive in Cambridge on time for my reservation?|the TR7147 train departs sunday at 11:17 and arrives in cambridge at 12:08.
I actually need a train from Leicester to Cambridge on Sunday that arrives by 10:45.|There are several trains that meet your needs. TR0440 seems like the best option. It departs at 8:09 and arrives at 9:54. I can book this for you if you'd like, or there are three trains that run earlier in the day if you'd like information on those.
Yes, that would work. Can you go ahead and book me 6 tickets and provide me with the reference number, please?|Great you're all set reference number is 0FZ7ADG9
Awesome, you have been very helpful. That's all I need.|Wonderful. Have a very nice day.
Yes, I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre what serves world food.|I'm sorry, but there are no foods in the centre that serve World Food. Would you like to try another area or a different type of food?
I would like a gastropub then if you have one open.|I would suggest The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar.  Great food.  It is located on Corn Exchange Street.
What is the price range?|It is moderately priced. Would you like me to make a reservation?
no, just give me the address|Sure, the address is on Corn Exchange Street, post code cb23qf. Can I do anything else for you today?
I do need to get from Stevenage to Cambridge on Saturday. I'd like to leave shortly after 09:45, if possible.|TR9024 leaves at 09:54, would that one work?
Yes, that would work out great.  I need to book the trip for four people.  Can I get a reference number too please?|Reference number is : 1QXKJN3D. Is there anything else?
No, that's all I need right now. Thank you so much.|You're welcome, have a great day and goodbye!
Hi, I'm looking for a train going to Ely from Cambridge.|There are 70 possible trips. You can leave as early as 5:35 and as late as 23:35. The trip is 17 minutes. What time of day would you prefer?
I need to leave on Wednesday after 12:00 please.|TR1039 departs from Ely at 13:35, arriving in Cambridge by 13:52.  Does this work for you?
That sounds great. I would like to book it for 7 people. I will also need the reference number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 35.2 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : JD1P380X.
Thank you I also need to find a cheap guesthouse to stay at. Can you help me find one?|You have 9 options available. Would you like to narrow it down by location?
The location doesn't matter, but I'd like it to be 4 stars.|Okay! How about Allenbell?
Sounds great, can you book it for 7 people for 4 nights starting saturday?|Your room has been booked. Your reference number is ELA3CIDM.
Thats all for today! Thanks so much!|Have a nice day.
I'm in need of a train coming from cambridge that should leave on monday.|Where would you like to go to?
We are traveling to broxbourne. Oh, and we should leave after 21:45 too.|I have two trains available that meet all of your requirements, would you like me to book a ticket for you?
Yes please. I need 5 tickets.|You're booked on TR9611, leaving at 22:01. The total fee is 89.5 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 18PWJ7X3.
Thanks so much. Can you also look up a hotel for me?|What area and price range would you like the hotel in?
I need you to look up warkworth house for me.|Alright, I've looked up warkworth house. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes please. I need it for 5 people for 5 nights. I want it from Wednesday.|I am sorry I am having trouble booking this for you.
Would it help if I stayed for only 3 nights instead? I'm flexible.|I am sorry I am having trouble booking this for you. Do you want to try another hotel ?
How about 2 nights ?|I'm sorry but I can not book this either.
How about 3 nights?|Would you be interested in trying a different hotel?
What do you show is available?|I have several options, what part of town are you wanting to stay in?
I am looking for warkworth house only.|Would like to book a room?
Yes. For 5 people and 3 nights starting on wednesday.|We are having technical problems please contact them directly at 01223363682. Anything else?
Can you please try to book the room again?|The system is experiencing technical difficulties and bookings are unavailable. Please call the hotel to complete your booking. 01223363682. Anything else?
I am unable to get a response when calling that number. Can you please try to book again?|I was able to get that booked, here is your reference number, 8ZU8JPYO.
Thank you. Thats all i need for now!|Have a great day!
I want a train leaving from cambridge.|Okay, and where are we headed?
I am going to London Liverpool Street and I'd like to leave on Monday.|Sure thing, what time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to arrive by 14:00.|I would recommend TR3929 which leaves Cambridge at 05:59 and arrives at London Liverpool Street at 07:27.
That works, can you book it?|Very good, sir, I've booked your trip successfully. Your reference number is QOWR4OO3.
i'm  also looking for places to go in town.|There are many attractions to choose from. To help narrow the results down, are you interested in architecture, colleges, theatres, museums, or parks?
I would like to go to a cinema in the area you recommend please.|I would recommend cineworld cinema
Sounds great can I get the address.|sure its cambridge leisure park, clifton way, anything else?
What area of town is that in? Also, could I get the train booked for 4 people?|Cineworld Cinema is located in the south. I've changed the train booking to 4 people, the reference number is now WA2NPOY7. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's everything for today. Thank you.|You're welcome. If you think of anything else you need, don't hesitate to contact me.
Can you help me find a train from cambridge?|I have many trains available.  What is your destination and day you would like to travel?
I am travelling to london liverpool street on Monday|Do you have a particular time you would like to travel?
london liverpool street and should leave after 17:00, I need you to book it for 7 people and a reference number please|TR7092 leaves at 17:59, will this be ok?
That sounds great. Please book it for me.|Okay, your booking was successful. The total fee is 116.2 GBP. You can pay this at the station. Your reference number is 2SDPSULR.
Thank you. I'm also looking for a place to stay. I'd like a guest house that's expensive with a star of 4.|I'm sorry there aren't any matches. Would you like to try something in the moderate price range?
How about  a cheap place instead?|There are 7 choices in the cheap price range, are there any preferences?
are there any guesthouses?|Yes, there are several. Do you have a certain area in mind?
The area is not an issue. I do want it to be an actual hotel.|There is one cheap hotel in the west. It is the Cambridge Belfry. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes thank you. I need a room for 7 people and 5 nights starting from Wednesday.|I will work on getting that booked for you.
What is the reference number?|Booking was successful, your reference number is:  QJTIXK8C. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Fantastic.  That is all I have to request.|i hope you enjoy staying around here
I'm sure I will. Thanks again.|It was a pleasure assisting you. Have a great day. Goodbye.
This Saturday, I need to take a train from Ely to Cambridge.  Can you assist me?|sure, do you know what time you want to arrive?
I want to arrive by 11:30.|I have a train that arrives at 9:52. May I book it for you?
Please. I'll need 8 tickets.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 28.16 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : X3KOQ6Z3. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I need a place to dine, preferably in the Centre and I would like it to have modern European food.|There are several options. Is there a certain price range you prefer?
The price doesn't matter whatever you recommend is fine. As long as they have a table for 8 at 15:30 on Saturday.|How does the Galleria sound, moderate price?
That sounds good! Could you book it for me?|I waqs unable to book that for you, Are there any other interest you may have ?
Would Thursday work better for the booking?|I'm not able to book that either?
Hmm could you try again maybe? 8 people at 15:30 on saturday. and if that doesn't work, then thursday.|Sorry, it looks like my system is still down. You may want to contact the restaurant directly.
Can you try again please?|For how many?
There are eight of us.|Sorry the system is down. Please contact the restaurant directly at 01223362054. Anything else?
Thank you very much. Goodbye|Thank you for your inquiry. I hope I was helpful.
I need train tickets going to broxbourne leaving on monday please.|Where will you be going?
I will be traveling to broxbourne on monday from cambridge and need to leave after 8:00|I have a train that leaves at 8:01 and one that leaves at 9:01.  Both are 17.90 GBP.  Which do you prefer?
Let's go with the one leaving at 08:01. Can you book that for five people for me?|Ok.  I have booked 5 tickets from Cambridge to Broxbourne on TR5517 departing at 8:01 Monday.  The total is 89.5 GBP and is payable at the station.
Can i get the reference number?|Of course, your reference number is HLGV5NI4.
Excellent. I'm also look for a particular attraction called great saint mary's church.|There is a Great Saint Mary's Church in the centre of the city on Market Square. It is 2 pounds to visit for the fee. Is there anything else?
What is the address and postcode?|The address is Market Square and the postcode is cb23pq.
That is all i need for now.|Okay. Glad I could be of help.
Do any trains leave broxbourne?|There are 133 leaving Broxbourne and arriving in Cambridge between Friday and Wednesday. What day do you want to travel?
I wanted to leave sometime after 18:15 on Friday.|TR7648 will depart at 18:32 on Friday, arriving in Cambridge by 19:32.  Would you like to book a seat?
Yes please and can you send me the reference number. Thank you|Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : N4UPROAM.
Thank you so much.|Can I help you with anything else?
i am also looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves european food.|I have 2 options. There is the Galleria and the other is the Hotel du Vin and Bistro. Would you be needing a reservation at either of these?
I need one that is in the centre.  Is either of those?|They both are! Would you like a reservation at one of them?
just make sure you get phone number, postcode, and address.|How many people will be dining and what time do you prefer?
Just for myself.|Galleria is in the center, phone number is 01223362054, post code is cb21uw and the address is 33 Bridge Street. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes, that would be great.|Will you be coming in on Friday? and what time would you like the table booked for?
Actually, that will be all for today. You've been a great help. Goodbye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
Can you help me find a place to stay? I am looking for an expensive hotel, but it doesn't need free parking.|Unfortunately there are no hotels available that fit that criteria.
What can you recommend? And please I need free wifi.|There are 5 expensive hotels with free parking. I recommend The Gonville Hotel which has a 3 star rating.
Does it have free wifi? Is it in the north?|It does have free wifi, but it is located in the centre, there are no expensive hotels in the north area.
Check for one in the moderate price range with that criteria. Book something for 1 person for 4 nights starting on monday.|Would you prefer a hotel or a guesthouse?
I am looking for a hotel please.|Ashley hotel is in the north in the moderate price range with a 2 star rating. Free parking and wifi also. Does this suit you to book your stay?
Yes, what is the reference number?  I also need a train that departs from Cambridge by 12:30 can you assist with that?|Unfortunately the booking was unsuccessful for the hotel
Will you please try to book the hotel for 2 nights starting from Monday?|Ok you are booked for 2 nights starting on Monday at the Ashley (Ref# MIFN5IXJ). What else can I help you with?
Yes I also need to find a train out of Cambridge that arrives by 12:30 in norwich.|Which day do you require the train?
Wednesday. I will need 1 ticket.|I have booked Train TR9635 departing at 10:36 and arriving at 11:55. Reference# UN7QY0L4. Will you be needing anything else today?
No, that's it.  Thanks!|Alright, thank you and goodbye!
I need a place to eat that is cheap.|I have several inexpensive restaurants in different areas of town.  Do you have a location preference?
Yes. I want the center area.|i can recommend rice house that serves chinese food
Do you have any restaurants that serve english food?|I am showing nothing for english food in the centre area. Would you like to try something else?
How about some awesome Indian food. I need a table for 8 on 16:30 monday|i booked you at kohinoor. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 1OB1SN34. is there anything else i can help you with?
Thanks for your help. In addition, I am looking for a Thursday train departing Cambridge, please.|There are 202 trains leaving cambridge on thursday. Where is your destination?
I'm looking to travel to Ely departing after 13:15 if possible.|The TR5225 leaves at 13:50 on Thursday. Would you like me to book you?
Yes, please book 8 tickets and provide me with a reference number|Okay I have booked that for you and the Reference number is FR546MZC. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Great, thanks. That is all for now!|Ok.  I hope you have a great day!
Hey. I'm looking for a train from stansted airport.|What day will you be traveling?
I plan to go on tuesday.|What is your destination ?
My destination is cambridge.|There are several.  Do you have a time you need to travel specifically?
The train should arrive by 10:00 if at all possible.|There are trains departing every hour.  TR5077 would get in in at 8:52, does that work for you?
That sounds perfect. Can I get the reference number from the booking?|How many tickets would you like?
I would like 4 tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : WWW231NO. Is there anything else you need?
I also need you to book Rosa's Bed and Breakfast for 4 people, two nights, starting on Tuesday.|Ok done. Booking was successful.  Your Reference number is : 470BKSJV.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thanks a lot|I am glad to help enjoy your time !
I would like to find a moderately priced hotel to stay in that includes free parking. Can you help me?|There are many options in this price range.
Are any of the options guesthouses with 4 stars?|There are 9 in the area. I recommend the Warkworth house.
Can you book that one for 4 nights starting on Wednesday?|I can do that, but first, can you confirm how many guests will be staying?
Yes there will be one guest. I will need the hotel reference number. I also need a train that arrives by 20:30 and leaves on sunday|I have made those reservations. Your reference number is 5JGRH1VH.
Thanks! I also need a train from Cambridge to Peterborough on Sunday. I need to arrive at or just before 20:30.|What time do you need to depart?
i don't care, just as long as i'm there by 20:30|What time would you like to leave?
I will need to leave by 17:00.|I have train TR5473 leaving at 17:06 and arriving at 17:56.
Great, that will work for me. I need 1 ticket please and the reference number.|The booking was successful the reference number is H6XOK6U4. The fee is 13.2 GBP payable at the station. Is there anything else I can help with today?
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!|thank you for using our service. goodbye.
I'm trying to find a hotel called Worth House. Can you help me?|Sure.  Worth House is located in the east at 152 Chesterton Road.  It's phone number is 1223316074.  Would you like me to help you book it?
Great! Yes please book it for 8 people and for 3 nights.|I can get that reserved for you. What dates will you need to stay at worth house?
I will be for 3 nights starting this Thursday.|it was successful. Reference number is : 1OS7NNXW. thank you.
Also I need a train on Sunday for 8 people|Where will you be departing from and going to?
I'll be leaving cambridge and going to bishops stortford. I want the train to leave after 10:45|There are 7 options. Shall I book the earliest one?
Yes and to make a booking for the same group of people, be sure I get the reference number please.|The train is booked and here is the reference number KM4FJVYN.
Great! Thank you so much for your help!|You're welcome, have a great time.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|Are you looking for a place to visit, eat or stay? Do you need transportation?
I'm interested in any boats on the westside.|There are no boats on the west side of town right now, do you have something else you'd like to try?
Okay what about any atttaction that is in the type of college and if available may i have the entrance fee, phone number and postcode.|There are a number of colleges in the west. I suggest magdalene college on magdalene street, cb30ag. Phone is 	01223332138. Entrance is free.
Okay great! I also need a train. Can you assist me with that?|Yes, I need more information on your trip first.
Sure, I am going to be travelling from Leicester to Cambridge on Monday.  I need to arrive by 13:00.|I found 7 trains that match your criteria. How early do you want to leave? We have trains running every hour from 05:09 to 11:09
Can you book 2 tickets for a train that arrives closest to 13:00 please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.59 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : LQKC8QD2. You'll be on the TR1193 which will arrive at 12:54.
Thanks for helping me, I am all set.|Great, thank you for visiting us and I hope that you enjoy your stay.
I need a train that arrives by 11:45 leaving from Ely. Can you help me?|What day will you be traveling?
I'm leaving on Wednesday.|Train TR5348 leaves at 05:35 and arrives at 5:52. Is that suitable for you?
Does it go to Cambridge?|Yes it does.
That's great. Can you make a booking for me for 5 people?|Booking for 5 people on TR5348 on wednesday at 05:35 going to cambridge was successful. I do not have reservation numbers at the moment. Cost is 4.40.
I also will need a hotel|Your train reference number is UOREY9NL. The total fee is 22 GBP. What area do you want to stay in?
It doesn't matter, I'd like it to be a guesthouse in the moderate price range.|The A and B Guest House fits your request, would you like me to book it for you?
Do they have free wifi?|The guesthouse does have internet.
Thank you for all of your help.|You are quite welcome, do you need me to make a reservation for the guesthouse?
Yes, please. I'd like a room for 5 people on Wednesday for 3 nights.|Alright, your booking is complete. Reference number is TBFOOKPC. Anything else today?
That's all I needed tonight. Thanks for the help.|I hope you enjoy your trip. Have a great day.
I need a train leaving from stansted airport.|Sure, what date and time would you like to travel?
Sunday I can leave any time after 11:30.|The first train out after 11:30 leaves at 12:24. It arrives in Cambridge at 12:52. Would you like a ticket?
Yes I will need it for 7 people.|You're all set! The fee is 56.56 GBP and you can pay at the station. Your reference number is VWI4PRFE. Do you need anything else?
Yes I need a place to go in the centre of town.|I have lots to do in the center like, colleges, theater, cinema and architecture. Any preferences?
We would like to enjoy some entertainment.  Can you suggest something of this type?|There are clubs,can you ive me a idea of what you like ?
Is there a park?|The Cambridge university botanic gardens are lovely this time of year. The gardens are located on Bateman street. Do you want more information?
No that's actually everything I needed. Thank you, goodbye!|You're very welcome. Thank you and have a lovely day.
I'm just looking for a cool place to go later.|Which area do you want to go to?
I would like to visit a college, what would the entrance fee be?|Almost all of them are free. Christ's college is famous and free. What part of town do you prefer?
I don't prefer a part of town. I need to find a train to get there. Can you help me with that too?|Yes, when would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on tuesday.|Christ's college is located in Centre. Where will you be departing from on Tuesday and what time?
hold the phone. what is the entrance fee for christ's college?|Christ's College is free admission.
Great I also need a train departing from birmingham new street and arriving by 18:15|I'm sorry there are no trains that fit that criteria. Would you be able to arrive any later?
Are you sure? Can you please check again for a Wednesday train from Birmingham New Street to Cambridge, arriving by 18:15?|I am sorry I cannot find anything for those specifications
I find it hard to beleive there are no trains arriving by 18:15. It doesn't need to arrive AT 18:15 just before that. Please check again.|TR2286 leaves birmingham new street at 14:40 and arrives in Cambridge at 17:23. The price is 75.10 pounds and takes 163 minutes. May I book this for you?
Yes please, just one ticket.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : JWJXOOQU.
Thank you that is all I needed today.|I'm sorry for the confusion earlier, I hope you have a lovely time here.
I'm looking for a train please going to cambridge.|I'd be happy to help with your request, to narrow it down where is your departure site and what time do you want to arrive?
I'm looking for a train leaving from london liverpool street after 20:00 on Friday.|How about train TR8373 that leaves at 21:39?
its ok. book for 8 people and help me get the reference number please|All right, that's done. Your reference number is 3S77WUWE. How else may I help you?
That was everything, thanks!|Have a nice trip thank you.
I am looking for a train departing from Cambridge.|There are many different options for trains departing Cambridge. What date and time do you need a train on?
I need to get to Peterborough on Friday, and I have to leave after 12:30.|The first train leaving after 12:30 is TR5650 and leaves at 12:34 to get you to Petersborough at 13:24. Would this suit your needs or would you like a later one?
I'd like to book this train for 7 people, if possible.|You're all booked! 7 tickets from Cambridge to Peterborough at 12:34. Your reference number is  I9UBCZW2.
Great. Thanks for all your help.|You are more than welcome. Enjoy the journey.
Hello, I am looking for a train that leaves on Friday after 10:00.|Ok, and where will you be leaving from and heading to?
I want to leave from Bishops Stortford and go to Cambridge.|TR6834 departs Bishops Stortford at 11:29 arriving by 12:07 in Cambridge. Does this work for you?
That will work great.  Could you please make a booking for seven people?|The booking was successful and your reference number is 5636CNX2. Please pay 70.7GBP at the station. Is there anything else?
Yes, I need some information on rosa's bed and breakfast.|That's a lovely 4 star guesthouse in the south part of town.  What would you like to know?
I'm looking for a train.|I have 2,828 trains with different routes, to help narrow it down, where will you be departing/arriving, and what day/time?
The train should depart from Cambridge on Wednesday and headed for Stansted Airport. It should arrive by 15:15. I would also like you to make a booking for 6 people.|I have two trains that would suit you. One arrives at 14:08 and the other at 15:08. Do you have a preference?
I will take the one that arrives at 15:08. can you make me a booking for 8 people on Wednesday? I will need a reference number.|Sure thing! I've booked the train for 8, and your reference number is I62H3VUY. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that's all I needed. Thank you for your help - goodbye!|It was a pleasure to assist you. Please use us again for your future needs. Have a good day.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|Congratulations! When are you traveling? Would you like to come by bus or train?
Train please. I need to leave cambridge on friday after 12:15 going to broxbourne.|There are 11 trains meeting those requirements, leaving once an hour starting at 13:01. They all have a duration of 60 minutes and cost 17.90 pounds.
Can you book me on the first train at 13:01.  I need 4 people to be reserved for.  If I can get a reference number that would be great!|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is PUWPI5NE.
Thank you! Can you also tell me some information about the fitzwilliam museum?|Okay it's located in the centre an free to get in.
What attraction type would you classify it as?|It's a museum. Do you need more information?
what area is it in?|Sure it is located in the city center.
thanks for all of your help|is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that is all for today.|Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip! Goodbye.
Hello, can you find me a train to Cambridge on Thursday?|There are quite a few trains to Cambridge on Thursday. Where are you departing from, and at what time would you like to leave?
I would be departing from peterborough on thursday and want to arrive by 9:30.|There is a train that departs from Peterborough, arriving at 9:09. Would you like a reservation?
Yes. Can you make a reservation for 2 people?|You are all set on the TR9303.  The fee will be 33 GBP payable at the station and your reference number is 7M26SARU.  Can I be of further assistance?
yes i would like to find a place to eat too in the cheap price range and i want Spanish food|La Raza in the centre fits that criteria. Would you like a reservation?
No, no reservation is necessary. May I get their address and postcode please?|You can find La Raza at 4 - 6 Rose Crescent, postcode cb23ll. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm all set thank you, goodbye!|Thank you and have a nice trip.
I need a train leaving from Cambridge.|Absolutely, what day of departure and what destination location?
I am heading to London Kings Cross and would need the train for Wednesday please. Oh and I need to leave after 18:00 sometime.|Okay, the TR8676	train leaves at 19:00 and arrives at 19:51. Would you like to purchase tickets?
Yes I need that for 3 people please.|I have booked your tickets. 70.8 GBP is payable at the station. The reference number is JLCUPIN6
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|My pleasure. Thank you.
Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay in the north part of town.|I have 13 hotels in that area, is there any special accommodations you would like?
I would prefer a guest house and free wifi please.|That narrows it down to 10, any other requirements?
Nope. Have any recommendations?|How about archway house. It is a guesthouse with a 4 star rating, moderate price range.  It has free parking and wifi. Would you like to book a room?
Okay, I'd like to book 8 people for 4 nights staring Sunday, and I need a reference number. I'd also like a train to Broxbourne Thursday.|Your booking has been completed!  Your reference number is M8Y6V3HX.  Will your train be departing from Cambridge?
Yes it should be, is the one booked departing from Cambridge?|Yes the train will be departing from Cambridge.
Thanks.  I'm good then.|I think there's been some confusion. Your lodgings are booked but we haven't yet found your train. Do you have a particular time you need to depart or arrive by?
Yes,  I need to book my train. I need it to arrive by 17:30, please.|The TR2885 train leaves Cambridge at 06:01 and arrives in Broxbourne at 07:01. The ticket price is17.90 pounds each. Would you like to book this train and how many tickets.
Yes. I will need 8 tickets for the train.|Great! I booked those 8 tickets for you. You are all set. Your reference number is  0H84W4J6. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think that is it. Thanks so much for your help!|Great!  The total fee is 143.19 GBP.
Hi, I'm looking to book a train to Cambridge.  I need it to arrive by 14:15.|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Cambridge.|Where are you going and on what day would you like to travel?
I am going to bishops stortford and traveling on wednesday.  Please reserve 3 seats and provide the reference number, thank you!|I was able to book the train, TR3844, for 30.29 total fee, which you may pay at the station. Reference number is 1PISWDKF. May I be of anymore assistance?
Also looking for an Italian restaurant in the West.|I have 2, Prezzo- moderately priced and La Margerita-cheap, which one do you prefer and when would you like the reservations?
Yes, let's go with La Margerita. I don't need reservations, thank you.|Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Can we book that place for, say, same number of people at 10:00 on the same day, please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 78MCBK84. Is there anything else?
That is all. Thanks so much!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Can you help me book a train on Sunday?|Where is the destination?
I want to go to Ely.|There are a number of trains leaving Cambridge for Ely on Sundays. Do you have a departure time in mind?
I need it to leave after 08:15 please.|can i book for you?
Yes please book just one ticket for me.|TR1159 leaves at 9:50 and the fee of 3.52 pounds is payable at the station. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, what is the reference number for the reservation?|The reference # is T27B8DUJ. Is there anything else I can help with today?
No that is all for now. Thank you for all your help.|Happy to be of help, and I hope you have a great day!
I'm trying to figure out my eating options. Are there any expensive restaurants in the centre?|There are 33 expensive restaurants to choose from in the centre. To narrow down results, what type of food are you wanting to eat?
How about a place that serves canapes?|There are no expensive restaurants in the centre of town serving canapes
Aww, that's too bad. Do you have any that serve korean food?|Yes, little seoul is a great place for korean food.
Can you book a table for 7 people?|Yes I can, I need the day and time you'd like to go please.
How about Thursday at 19:15?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 718ZBFFA. Can I help you with anything else?
I now need a train|I need to get a little information from you to book a train. Where are you traveling to and from and for what day and time do you need to travel?
The train should depart from broxbourne and should go to cambridge.|On what day and time do you need to go there?
I would like to arrive at 16:15 please.|The earliest I can have you there is 06:32. The latest is 10:32, with several options in between. Any preference?
Yes, I would like to arrive by 10:32 is 16:15 is not available.|Train TR2145 will arrive at Cambridge by 10:32. How many tickets should I book for you?
I would like to book for 7 people please.|I would be happy to book a train for you. Which day will you be travelling?
I will be traveling on Thursday.|Sorry it looks like TR2145 is no longer available, I will substitute with TR5687 which arrives same time. Booking complete 125.29 GBP payable at the station, Reference number 8XYHVB3U.Anything else?
No thank you that is all I need|thank you that is all good bye
I want a train leaving from cambridge.|Okay. I have 566 trains leaving Cambridge. Can we narrow it down a little?
I need it to leave after 12:15 on Saturday.|We have over 100 results. Where is your destination?
My destination is leicester.|I would recommend TR2129 which leaves Cambridge at 12:21 and arrives in Leicester at 14:06.
Awesome, book me one ticket please|Your reference number is V34K85R7. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to find an attraction while I'm there.|Certainly, there are many great attractions here. Do you have a preference for the type or location?
It should be in the centre of town. What type of attractions are available?|In the centre there is architecture, boats, cinemas, colleges, museums, nightclubs, theatres, parks, and pools.
You choose. Can you tell me the attraction type and phone number?|How about Club Salsa? It's a nightclub and their phone number is 07782218745.
Ok, sounds like a blast, thank you!|Anything else you need today?
No. That was all. Thanks. Bye.|thanks for using our services and have a good day
I'm looking for train that go to Cambridge that leaves on Tuesday.|Sure. Where are you departing from?
I'm leaving from Norwich and would like to leave after 12:15, please.|There are twelve possible trains leaving after 12:15. Should I book you on one of them?
I am sorry. I need the train to leave after 21:15 from Norwich. Are there any available?|TR7935 leaves at 21:16 and arrives by 22:35. Is that okay?
That sounds good, I will need 2 tickets please and a reference number.|You are booked for two tickets, Reference number is : RJOUA7E1.
I am also looking for places to go in town.|Cambridge has over 70 delightful attractions, what type appeals to you most?
I think I would like a nightclub in the centre of town please.|There are 5 different nightclubs in that area. Might I suggest Ballare. Would you like more info?
I need the address, entrance fee, and phone number.|The address of Ballare is heidelberg gardens, lion yard. The phone number is 01223364222. The entrance fee is 5 pounds.
That was everything I needed. Thank you very much for helping me.|You are welcome, goodbye.
I'm looking for a train leaving after 19:15 departing from cambridge.|Where are you heading to?
I need to go to stevenage on wednesday|The TR9016 leaves at 21:21.
That sounds good. I will need 4 tickets.|I was able to book that for you; the total fee is 51.2 GBP payable at the station . Your confirmation number is 3JBQP8O4.
I am also looking for a particular hotel called the Alexander Bed and Breakfast.|They are a 4 star guesthouse in the centre area, pricing is cheap, internet and parking are included.  Are you interest in staying there?
I'd like to book that for the same group of people starting on Sunday for 3 nights.|OK, I have that room booked for you, your reference number is going to be,  G3S8EY5N. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Okay. Thank you for your help.|It has been a pleasure to help you, thank you for using our service goodbye.
I need a hotel to stay in that has free parking.|Do you want to stay in a particular area of town?
Just a hotel with free parking, free wifi and a star of 0.|I do not have any place fitting that criteria. Perhaps some other perimater?
Can you see if you find one with a start of 4?|Sure thing, I have three options would you like me to book one for you?
Yes, one person two nights from Thursday.|Okay your all set! Reference number is UTI90SWFB. Anything else today?
What is the name of the hotel?|The hotel is huntingdon marriott hotel
Yes, I need a train from cambridge to peterborough on monday. I want to leave after 14:45|There is one that leaves at 15:06 and arrives at 15:56 for 16.50 pounds. Would you like reservations?
Yes, I need one ticket please.|Alright, your reference number for the train is CD9P0QQT.
Thank you, that is all I need.|Please let us know if we can be of any further assistance. Have a great day!
I need a train leaving from kings lynn.|Okay. What day will you be traveling and what is your destination please?
I will be traveling on Sunday and need to go to ely.|I'm sorry, but there are no trains that travel between Kings Lynn and Ely.
What if I left on Friday?  I need to book it for 7 people and I need the reference number please.|My apologies.  Our system only calculates trips either to or from Cambridge, so we are unable to make this reservation for you.
Can I book a train with the same requirements from Kings Lynn to Cambridge?|Sure.  Do you still want to leave on Friday?
Yes, please. I need tickets for 7 people.|I'll be happy to book that for you. Do you have a departure or arrival time preference?
I need to arrive by 09:45.|There is only one train that day. TR9102 would you like me to book this?
Yes, for 7 people please. If I could have the reference number that would be great.|Success! I have booked you on this train and your reference number is 9M4R8Z4V.
Great, thank you. I'm also looking for a 3 star guesthouse located in the north with free parking.|Sorry, I couldn't find anything matching that.
Are there any 3-star guesthouses at all?|I have found one for you. The Hamilton Lodge is a 3-star guesthouse in the north with free parking.
Please give me their phone number, price range, and address|Hamilton Lodge's phone number is 01223365664, they're at 156 chesterton road, and they're moderately priced. Would you like to book a room? Or is there anything else I can help with?
that is it for today thank you|Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
Yes, I believe so. Thank you. Good bye.|Great! And you're welcome, have a great day!
I am looking for a restaurant called J Restaurant.|J Restaurant is an Asian restaurant located in the city centre at 86 Regent Street. Would you like to me make a reservation for you?
Yes please, for 4 people at 17:45 on Saturday.|Okay, booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Your reference number is : CB27MMO8.
Thank you, I am also looking for a train, I need it to depart from Cambridge on sunday.|CAN YOU PLEASE BOOK THIS
Uh... you alright? I guess I can do it myself...|I'm sorry. I can book your train. Where would you like to go, and what time would you like to be there?
I'd like to leave after 09:30 on Sunday and go to kings lynn from cambridge.|There are 14 trains leaving every hour, with the first being at 10:11 and the last one of the day being at 23:11. Which would you like to book?
Let's go with the 10:11 train. I'd like to book for 4 people and will need a reference number, please.|I have booked the train from Cambridge to Kings Lynn for Sunday leaving at 10:11 and arriving by 10:58. Reference # 4LPYRWCU.
Alright, that's everything. Thank you for all of your help!|You are welcome.
Are there any trains arriving by 15:15 on Thursday?|I can help you with that. What day are you wanting to travel, and where is the destination?
I need to go to Broxbourne, I'll be leaving Cambridge.|Okay what day would you like to travel?
I said Thursday.|The TR0071 arrives at 14:01. Would you like to book tickets?
Yes please book for 8 people. I need the reference number. Also, I want information on a restaurant called Bangkok City.|Your train is booked, ref #46PQOV6Y. Now, what would you like to know about Bangkok City?
yes how did you know? lol. Can I have their phone number please|Their number is 01223354382. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all thank you goodbye|You're welcome. Thank you. Goodbye
Can you help me find a place to stay that includes free wifi and doesn't need to have free parking?|Every place but one in Cambridge has free wifi! Do you have a certain area in mind, or perhaps a price range?
I'm looking for something cheap please.|I would recommend the Allenbell. It's located in the east, is cheap, and has free internet. Would you like to make a booking?
No, thank you.  I just need the name for today.|Okay. Thank you!
Can you please help me find a train out of cambridge that arrives by 19:15?|Ok, I am happy to do so.  I will need the day and where you are going to.
I am going to Peterborough and leaving on Monday.|Okay! What time of day would you like to leave? The train ride is only 50 minutes long. The last train of the day departs at 18:06, and arrives at 18:56.
Thank you, please book me for 7 people, and I will need the reference number.|Okay, great. Your booking was successful! Your reference number is 87VJOBNO. The total fee is 115.5 GBP that you can pay at the station.
Can you find me a moderately-priced place to eat in the center of town?|Definitely. Do you have a food type preference?
Is should serve Basque food.|It looks like there aren't any basque places in the centre area of town.  Would you like me to search elsewhere?
how about modern european food then?|Yes, there is a modern european restaurant available on Monday. Should I book it for you?
Can you just give me the phone number and address?|Yes, De Luca Cucina and Bar is located at 83 Regent Street,cb21aw.  The phone number is 01223356666.
Great!  That's all I needed!  Thank you!|Okay, perfect. Have a great day.
I'll be sure to call you if I need anything else.|Okay great. Good bye.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|Okay, and what kind of information can I retrieve for you today?
I need to know if any trains are running to Broxbourne on Saturday that arrive by 10:30.|TR1997 leaves Cambridge at 09:01 on Saturday and arrives in broxbourne at 10:01. Will that work for you?
Great can you get me 8 tickets please?|I was able to book you. Your reference number is E7AJ44N7.
I also =nned to find a guesthouse to stay in that is 4 stars.|we have quite a few when were you planning your stay?
Do any of them have free wifi?|Yes there is internet.
Ok great, I need a room booked for 8 and for 5 nights starting on the Monday.|I'd be happy to help with your request, which place did you want to book a room at? There are 18 results and all have free wifi.
You can just pick one for me. I'd like a 4 star guesthouse with free wifi. I need a room Monday for 5 nights and 8 people.|Okay, I've booked your room for 8 people starting on Monday at the A&B Guest House. Your reference number is C6M738RF. Anything else for you today?
No, that will be all. Thanks. You've been a great help. Goodbye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
Do you have any museums there?|We have several?  A particular area you are looking for?
I'm not quite sure yet. What are the entrance fees for the museums?|Most are free, but the Cambridge Museum of Technology is 5 pounds and the Cambridge and County Folk Museum is 3.50 pounds.
Can you find me a train that goes to the Cambridge Museum on Wednesday from Cambridge?|I'm sorry, I don't think the train goes within the city. Could I book you a taxi, instead?
actually, i need a train from cambridge to ely.|There multiple trains departing from Cambridge to Ely. What day and time of departure did you have in mind?
i want to leave after 8:15 on wednesday|There is a train leaving Cambridge at 9:50 arriving in Ely at 10:07. Would that work for you? Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes that would work. Please book the reservation. Could I please get the reference number?|i just want to confirm if i am booking one ticket
No I need to book seven tickets.|Perfect, the train is booked for 7 people. The total is 30.8 GBP and the reference number is H4BYPL6F. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you. Have an amazing day. Goodbye!|Have a great day as well. Good bye.
I'd like to book a train ticket, please.|Where are your departure and destination sites?
I'm looking for a train that is leaving on Friday after 21:45.|There are 46 trains operating on Friday at that time. Can I get your destination to narrow down the results?
Yes. I would like to go to Leicester. What trains are available?|I have two trains going from cambridge to leicester. One leaving at 22:21 and one leaving at 23:21. Would you like to book one of these?
I will go with the earlier departure, and I would like 2 seats please. I will also need a reference number.|You're all set for your 22:21 train reference number 1F6TADIT
Great, I also need a place to go in the east part of town.|Are you looking for a particular type of attraction on the east end of town? Perhaps a museum?
Sure,a  museum sounds good, what do you have that's free?|Cambridge artworks, gallery at twelve a high street, saint barnabas press gallery and cherry hinton water play are all free.
Hmm, I guess the St Barnabas thing sound interesting. Is it expensive, though?|It is free
Great thank you that's all the help I need today.|Wonderful! I hope you have a wonderful rest of the day.
I need a list of cheap places to stay that include free parking.|Alexander bed and breakfast is in the cheap price range in the centre of town.
Okay, does that place include free wifi and it is 4 stars?|Yes, the Alexander has free wifi and is a 4 star hotel.  How many nights will you be staying?
I will be staying 5 nights starting from Saturday.|Thank you so much for that information. How many people in your party so I can make the booking for you?
Yes, can you book it for 6 people?|Booking was successful. Your reference number is QIT1W09H. Do you need anything else?
Thank you. I also need a train to Kings Lynn that leaves on Sunday.|There are 19 trains leaving Cambridge on Sunday. When would you like to depart?
I want the train to leave after 16:30.|I can put you on the tr8665 with this train you will arrive at 17:58, how many tickets would you like?
I need 6 tickets, please.|Done! The total fare is 47.04 Pounds, payable at the station, and your reference number is 6CXB3CA2. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|welcome anytime you need to know about anything
I am going to cambridge for a one week holiday.  I need to take a train from Leicester on Sunday.|I have several trains to bring you to Cambridge, the first one leaving Leicester at 5:09. Would that work for you?
Is there a train leaving after 15:30 on Sunday?|no but we have one leaving at 16.09
That'll do. I need 8 tickets.|Okay. Your booking was successful. Your total fee is 241.92 GBP which can be paid at the station. The reference number is KZ0FFG5R.
Thanks! i'm also looking for something to do in town, in the south.|What kind of attraction are you interested in ?
A college please.|There are no colleges in the south to visit. How about a museum instead? Byard Art is fantastic! Would you like some more information on it?
Wow, thanks. I might check them out later but the people I'm with think we should have a picnic in the park. Are there any in the south?|Yes, there are two. Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park and Wandlebury Country Park. Do you have a preference?
Lammas Land Park sounds like fun. Can you give me the post code, phone number and entrance fee please?|Sure the post code is cb22ad,phone number 01223302580,and the entrance fee is free.
Thanks a lot for the service.|Is there anything else I may help you with?
That's all, thank you so much!|Thank you, enjoy the rest of your day.
Can you help me find an expensive restaurant that serves Chinese food to dine at? Thanks.|There are 9 expensive Chinese restaurants in Cambridge. Which area of town do you prefer?
In the North, if possible.|The Hotpot and Hakka are both in the North.  Would you like to book a table at one of these?
Can I get the address and phone number of Hakka?|Yes the information for Hakka, 24 Milton Road Cambridge Cambridgeshire, +44 1223 568988.  Would you like me to go ahead and book your table and for what time?
Not quite yet.  But can you help me find a train fro Friday, arriving by 21:15?|There are several trains that day. Could you tell me where you are departing from and arriving to, as well as a time you would like to leave?
I would like to leave from Cambridge and with my destination being London Liverpool Street.  Thank you for your help with this.|TR5212 will arrive at London Liverpool Street at 19:27. It leaves Cambridge at 17:59, and the travel time is 88 minutes. Would you like a ticket?
I need 8 tickets, please. And could I get the reference number after you book them? Thanks.|I have booked your 8 seats here is the information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 132.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : WOEHJGD9.
Thank you, that will be all I need today.|Glad I could help, have a great trip!
am looking for a train it should leave on sunday and should depart from bishops stortford|Thank you. Where is your destination?
I'm going to Cambridge.|What time are you looking to depart/arrive?
I want to depart after 18:30.|TR0053 leaves at 19:29 and arrives at 20:07. Do you want me to book this train? I will need your details, please.
Yes, I need 1 ticket and can you please give me the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 8.08 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 6W3KFY5N.
Thanks ever so much! You've been very helpful.|You are very welcome! Have a nice trip.
I would like to find a train leaving Cambridge after 6:30 PM. Can you help me?|I would be happy to help you today. What is your destination?
The destination is stansted airport, and I would like to leave on Sunday.|I have a 06:40 that arrives Stansted at 17:08. Would you like me to book that for you.
I apologize. I may have confused you a bit. I would like to leave after 18:30.|There is no train leaving at the time you require,unless you try a different day,would you like to try a different day?
Please find me a train that leaves on Monday after 08:45|Where are you going or coming from?
I will be leaving Cambridge and heading to Ely.|Is there a certain time you need to arrive by?
I just need to leave after 08:45|The TR8399 leaves from Cambridge on  Monday at 09:50. Shall I book that for you?
yes, for 2 people. Please give me the reference number.|You have 2 seats reserved, and you'll pay 8.8 GBP at the station. Your reference number is 90RLYZKX. Can I help you with anything else?
I am  looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the moderate price range.|There are 21 restaurants in the centre. Do you have a certain type of food you'd prefer?
I don't have a food preference.|Would you like British food?
Sure, that works for me. I need the phone number, postcode, and address for the restaurant.|Cotto is a great british restaurant located on 183 East Road City Centre. Their postcode is cb11bg and phone number is 01223302010. Is there anything else you need?
Oh that's great. That would be all, thank you.|Thank you for using our service today.
I need a train from peterborough going to cambridge. Can you help me?|The next train departs Peterborough on Friday at 05:19 and scheduled to arrive in Cambridge by 06:09. Do you want a different departure time?
I'd like to leave after 11:45 on Thursday, please.|There's a train scheduled on Thursday from Peterborough to Cambridge, leaving at 11:19 and arriving at 12:09. Will this work for you?
With our schedule, we can only go on a train that leaves after 11:45. Is there one leaving later?|There is a train that leaves at 12:19 will that work?
That sounds great.  Can you please book 7 tickets on that one?|Booking was successful. Reference number is 3854SJZ8. Do you need help with anything else?
Thank you. Yes, I do need a place to dine. I would like an expensive restaurant in the north.|Do you have a particular type of cuisine in mind?
Any type is fine. I'd also like the phone number of the restaurant.|I recommend Restaurant Two Two. It is a French restaurant in the north. The telephone number is 01223351880. Would you like me to book a reservation?
What type of food is it?|As mentioned before they are French.
Thank you. I missed that before. Screaming kids, you know.|Yes, I can hear them. How else can I help you today?
Thank you so much for your help.|Happy to help, goodbye..
I need some help finding a train to Cambridge.|I'd be happy to help. Can you tell me more about your trip? Where will you be departing from, and on what day would you like to travel?
Departing from peterborough on friday. I should arrive by 10:00|And what time would you prefer to leave?
I would like to arrive by 10:00|There are 8 entries that match that. Is there any time that you want to leave?
Doesn't matter.  Just pick one.|The TR1662 leaves Peterborough at 05:19, arrives Cambridge 06:09. Care to book a ticket?
Yes. Actually, I would like to book 8 tickets for that train, please.|Ok, the train was successfully booked. The total fee is 132 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is: AYILO5E4
I am also looking for a restaurant in the west and in the cheap price range that serves korean food.|There are no establishments that fit your specifications, unfortunately. Would you like to search for a different type of cuisine, or a different price range?
Why don't you try vietnamese food.|There is one vietnamese restauarant in the area, would you like me to book that?
Yes, please book it. I would also like the address.|The address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre. How many people people and for what day and time?
I just needed that info. Thank you.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thats all i wanted thank you|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of Cambridge that serves modern American food.|I was unable to find any restaurants matching that.
Then what about modern European?|I have 4 modern european restaurants in the centre. Do you have a preference on price range?
No, just pick a popular one for me and book it for 1 person on Tuesday please.|I  book you a table at riverside brasserie, I will send you the reference number.
Okay what is it?|I need to know the reservation time before I can book a table for you.
I would like the time to be at 14:00, if you cant get that time 13:00 will do. Can I have a reference number? I also need a train.|Your table has been booked at De Luca Cucina and Bar at 14:00. Your reference number is M81RFLPZ.
Thank you. I need a train on Tuesday and I need it to arrive by 10:15.|There are several trains arriving in Cambridge before 10:15. Where are you traveling from?
I will be leaving from London Kings Cross.|I can help you with that but first how many tickets will you be needing?
One ticket is all I need. Thank you.|I booked a train leaving at 5:17. Your reference number is LG54YRTF.
Thank you for your help. That's everything I need for now. Goodbye.|You are most welcome, have a wonderful day!
Could you help me find a place to stay with free parking and free wifi?|I love the acorn guest house.  Need me to book a room?
Can you tell me a little bit about the Acorn first?|It is a guesthouse located in the north, at a moderate price range. It is rated 4 stars. Would you like to book a room?
No, I don't really like the north side - do you have any guesthouses in the east with free parking and wifi?|What kind of price would you like to pay?  I have 5 available with cheap to moderate for price ranges.
I will take a cheaper one please.|The allenbell guesthouse have everything you are looking for. It is within your price range, on the east side with free wifi and parking. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, I would need 5 people for 5 nights starting thursday, can they accommodate me?|They can accommodate you! Here is your reference number BS2C1Q5X. Is there anything else I can do to help you?
I am also looking for a train to Cambridge from Stansted Airport on Thursday. I would need to arrive by 14:00.|TR3637 will arrive at 13:52 would that work?
Saturday train from Norwich please.|The train from Norwich to Cambridge is about 45 minutes.  Do you have a preferred departure or arrival time?
Yes please. I would like to arrive by 14:00.|The best response I have to that is a train arriving at 13:35. Would you like me to book that option for you?
Yes, for 7 people please.|You have been successfully booked for 7 people on Train TR2334, Reference number 01MDBEIB. It departs Norwich at 12:16. Your total cost is 98.56 and is payable at the station.
I am also looking for a place to stay. I'd like a hotel with a star of 4 of course that will include free parking.|I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
Before you book, the hotel has to be in the north, also. Do you have a hotel meeting my needs?|The Cambridge Belfry is perfect for you. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, please book that for the same group of people for 4 nights the same day. Wednesday would work also, and I need the reference number.|Unfortunately, I can't book either days for you.
Is there any other hotels that would work in that area that are 4 star?|I don't have any hotels in that area that are 4 star. I do have several guesthouses. Would that work for you?
No, I would really like a 4-star hotel in the north area with free parking. Can you please check again?|Sorry, there are only guesthouses.
I guess we will take a guesthouse then.  Which one would you recommend?|I recommend the acorn guest out. Shall I book that then.
Yes for 4 nights same group of people as the restaurant reservation and also on the same day please.|Great, I have booked you for acorn guest house. Your reference number is O2JPQNG5.
Thank you very much.  That's all I need.|You are welcome, enjoy your stay
I was hoping to find an expensive restaurant in the south.|There are five expensive restaurants in the south. Would you like to try a Chinese cuisine?
Sure, I like Chinese.|The good luck chinese food takeaway is located at 82 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton. Would you like to reserve a table?
Yes I'll need a table for 7 on Monday please.|Would you like a reference number?
Yes, please. I'll write it down.|Okay, and when would you like the reservation to be?
For Friday for 2 people thank you !|What time would you like to dine on Friday?
Oh, around 17:15. But, I meant to say on Monday, not Friday and for 7 people not 2. Thanks!|Ok, I was able to make a booking for 7 people at 17:15. Your reference number is : J2YDX084. Can I help with anything else?
I'm also in a need of a train|between which areas will you be commuting?
I'll need the train to come to Cambridge, please, so that I can make it to the restaurant that you've booked for me.|Would you like me to book tickets for you?
Yes, please. The same group from the restaurant will be traveling.|In order to book a train I need departure location, destination, travel time, day of week and number of people.
I will be departing from Leicester and would like to arrive by 11:45.|TR7151 has been booked! Your reference number is Q34HN7VC.
Thank you so much for your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all I needed.|I hope you have a great stay in Cambridge!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|Great! Can I help you with transportation, lodging or attractions while here?
I am looking for an attraction called cambridge university botanic gardens.|That is located in the centre. The address is bateman street. Can I give you any other information?
Can I have their postcode and phone please? Also I need a train out of cambridge on tuesday.|Okay the post code is cb21jf and phone number is 01223336265.
I need a train that leaves on Tuesday after 9:30 and arrives in London Liverpool street.|What time would you like to arrive by?
I don't need to arrive at a specific time, as long as the train leaves after 9:30.|The TR4494 meets your criteria. Would you like to book tickets?
Great can I get 6 tickets for that?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 99.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : PAR7KYOS.
Great, thanks, that's everything I need.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Are there any guesthouses in the east?|There are six guesthouses in the east. Do you have a preference on price?
It needs to be cheap.|I have 3 options for you. All of them are 4 star rated and all offer free parking and free internet. Might I suggest the Leverton House.
Can I have the address for Leverton House?|that address is 732-734 newmarket road. would you like me to make you a reservation?
Do they have internet and free parking?|Yes they have internet and free parking.
That will work can you book that for me?|Sure, what day will you be arriving?
i'm looking for a train to cambridge|I'd love to help! Which day were you wanting to leave?
I'm leaving on Sunday|What station do you want to leave from?
I need a train from broxbourne.|I have many trains on that day. Do you have a preferred time for leaving or arriving?
Yes, I'd like to leave for cambridge after 13:30 on sunday.|TR4813 leaves at 14:32 and arrive an hour later. How does that sound?
That sounds great. I'll need 7 tickets.|Your booking was successful. The total fee is 100.24 GBP, which is payable at the station. Your reference number is ALFLIJMY. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yeah, can to tell me about colleges in the centre of town?|There are 13 colleges located in the centre. Are you looking for somewhere with free entrance or is somewhere with a fee okay too?
it doesn't matter. could you provide the postcode, phone number, and address for one that you suggest?|Sure! I suggest Downing College. I is located on Regent Street in the postcode CB21DQ. Their phone number is 01223334860.
That should be it for today thanks!|You're welcome. Goodbye
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|OK, and how can I help you?
I need to find a hotel in Cambridge.|Any particular location or price range?
Yes I would like to stay in an expensive hotel in the city center.|University Arms is available.
What's their address and star rating? And do they have free parking?|University Arms Hotel Star rating is 4. Should i go ahead and book that for you?
no, thanks. does it have free parking and what's the address|They do have parking. They are on Regent Street. Can I help you with anything else?
I need to book a train for 6 people departing at Cambridge and arriving at Stevenage at 10:30.|What day would you like to leave?
I need to leave on a Monday please.|Let me find one for you.
Excellent, thanks.|I found you the TR8290 that leaves at 09:21 on monday arriving at 10:10. Would you like to book this one?
I need it to arrive at 10:30 actually.|That is the closest train we have to 10:30
arriving at 10:10 is fine.can i get six tickets?|Your train is booked.  Total fee is 76.8 GBP payable at the station.  Reference number: L9XGQW87
Great, thank you! I won't be needing anything else! Bye!|Have a wonderful time in town. I am glad to help you from Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Goodbye.
I need a place to eat that serves north indian food.|I'm not finding any north indian restaurants, may I expand the search to include all indian food?
No thank you. Can you please search for Japanese food instead?|We have one Japanese restaurant listed.  It is called Wagamama and is in the city Centre.  Would you like to book a table?
i wish to book a table for  5 people at 16:15 on teusday|The booking was successful. Your reference number is V5WEDA1V and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Great. I also need to find a train going to cambridge for the same day.|I have all of tuesday's options available, where will you be coming from?
I need a train from Cambridge by no later then 10:45 for five people please. May I have the confirmation number for that please?|I booked a train that leaves at 10:08. The reference number is S5D8VQIU.
Great, thank you so much for your help. Goodbye!|Glad I could help. Goodbye.
I am looking for a cheap room in a guest house.|The allenbell fits that criteria. Would you like some more info?
Not right now, I also need a train going to Cambridge to Norwich on Wednesday and leave after 19:15|To or from Cambridge/Norwich?
I'm departing from Cambridge heading to Norwich. I'll need it booked for 3 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : H829GED4. what else can i do for you?
am  looking for a place to stay. The hotel doesn't need to include internet|are you looking for something other than the allenbell we discussed earlier?
Could you look up a hotel based on what I ask? North area, 4 stars...please.|There are no places available in that area. Is there a different area that you would prefer?
Are there any that has free wifi?|Yes. The Worth House meets your criteria. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, please. I'll need it for 3 people, 3 nights, and we will be arriving on Sunday.|Alright, I have booked the worth house for 3 people for 3 nights starting sunday, your reference number is HVD2IBXM. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok great, that is all that I need.|Do you need me to book any sort of travel?
No , thanks for the help!|alright, call me if you need anything.
I am planning a trip to Cambridge|How great! I'm sure you'll love it here. Is there something specific I can find for you?
train should leave after 11:15 and should depart from stansted airport on Sunday|Okay, the TR9445 leaves at 11:24 and arrives by 11:52. Would you like me to book tickets for you?
Yes, please. I'll need tickets for 5 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 38E1SSYP.
I'm also looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range, that serves Thai food.|Im sorry there are no restaurants like that. Would you like to search for something else?
No moderately-priced Thai places in the east, huh?|There are not - would you like to adjust the type of restaurant or the price range?
Let's try Indian food.|Do you have a preference - I come up with 2.   Curry Prince, or Rajmahal.  I recommend Curry Prince.  Is this okay?
Curry prince is good. book it for the same group of people please|Okay. I'll need to know the day and time you'd like to dine.
On Sunday at 20:45 please.|You are all set for Curry Prince. Your reference number is 7FLIG346.
Ok, great, that's all I needed! Thanks!|Great. You have a wonderful day and feel free to message me if you need any more assistance.
Hi, I am looking for a train that leaves on Tuesday after 18:15.|Certainly! What are your departure and destination locations?
It should leave from Cambridge and go to Leicester please.|Thanks for that information. Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
I do not have an arrival time.|The TR0776 leaves Cambridge at 18:21 and gets into Leicester at 20:06. Do you want me to book it for you?
Yes. I would like to book it for 6 people please.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 226.8 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is:  17I15NSK. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes I also need a guesthouse to stay in. It should have 4 stars, free wifi, in the east location.|We have 6 different guesthouses that fit your criteria. Do you have a specific price range in mind?
No it doesn't matter.|carolina bed and breakfast	has free wifi and parking if you want to book there.
Can you help me find a train headed to Cambridge on Sunday?|I sure can.  Where will you be boarding?
I'm departing from London Liverpool Street, and my train needs to leave after 12:30.|I have a few options, do you have an arrival time in mind?
I would like to leave london liverpool street after 12:30.|I would recommend train TR6578
That's great can you book it for 8 people?|Absolutely your reference number is Z6QD1AXD
Awesome. I also need a Hungarian restaurant in the centre, please.|I don't have any Hungarian restaurants in the centre. Would you like to try another type of cuisine?
Sure. What about modern European?|Would you like a specific price range?
No, I'm not really particular about the price. Any modern european restaurant would be great.|I would recommend Riverside Brasserie.  It's a moderately priced modern european restaurant located in the centre.  Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes please, same group of eight, Sunday, 16:45.|Your table is reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is UQM6L628. Can I help you with anything else today/
No thanks. That will be everything. Goodbye.|Alright. Have a nice trip!
I'm looking for someplace to go in the west.|Might I recommend the Whale of a Time entertainment venue?
Sure. May I have the phone number please?|Of course, it is 01954781018. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Can I get a train departing ely and leaving on wednesday?|There are 10 trains that leave Ely on Wednesday, what is your destination?
Cambridge. Should leave after 15:00|There are 5 trains leaving after 15:00. The times are 15:35, 17:35, 19:35, 21:35 and 23:35. Which would you like?
The 15:35 will be fine. Please book that for four people.|Okay, I have four tickets booked on the 15:35 train from Ely to Cambridge on Wednesday.  Total is 17.6 GBP, reference number UKD02OC6. Anything else I may help with?
I have everything. Thanks|Glad to have been of service. Thank you and have a good day.
I need a train to birmingham new street|Sure, I can help you with that.  When were you wanting to depart?
I need to leave cambridge after 14:15 on saturday|How about the TR3735, that leaves Cambridge for Birmingham New Street on Saturday at 15:01, would that work for you?
That works great! Can you get us a reservation for 3 people?|I can get that completed for you.  Did you need a reference number?
Yes please.  Also, I am interested in some places to go in town.|Is there a particular type of attraction you're interested in?
I would really like it to be in the centre of town and some type of entertainment.|There is no entertainment types in the centre. Would you like to search another area?
What about a museum in the centre of town?|i have 11 museums in the centre. i would suggest the ruskin gallery. they have free entrance.
Can I have the phone number and address please?|Address is anglia ruskin university, east road, phone number is 01245493131, any other questions today?
Thank you! That is all that I need.|Have a great time.
I am coming to Cambridge and cannot wait to eat at some of your loal restaurants.  Can you help me find a train out after dinner?|I certainly can.  What are your departing and arriving stations?
I will be departing from ely and arriving in cambridge.|What time would you like to leave or arrive?
I would like to leaver after 9:30.|then train number TR3976 should be ok. can I book?
Yes, it will be for 4 people.|Sure the cost of the journey is 17.60 pounds and you confirmation number is X9OY1UCU.
Could you book it for four then?|Absolutely. Your reference number is X9OY1UCU, and that comes to 17.6 GBP, payable at the station. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes please, I'm also looking for an Asian Oriental restaurant within the cheap range. Can you find one for me?|I have two entries here, both in the centre. I recomend dojo noodle bar. Do you want me to book?
Actually just provide me with the address for that location|For dojo noodle bar, address is 40210 Millers Yard City Centre, postal cb21rq, can I assist with anything else?
That is all I need, thank you for your help.|It was my please. If I can help with anything else just let me know. Have a great trip.
Can you help me find a train going to Broxbourne?|I can help you find a train but need more information. What day do you need the train and where are you traveling to?
I would like to leave on Saturday, leaving from cambridge, and I would like to arrive by 17:45.|Okay the TR8252 arrives by 17:45.
That will work.  Can you book me 2 seats, please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 28.64 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 8RMLZ0N0. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, could you recommend a swimming pool in the centre?|Sure thing, this is the pool in the centre parkside pools.
Ok that sounds like what we need|It is at Gonville Place.  I'm not sure how much it is to enter the pool.  01223446100 is the phone number that could give you further information.
Could you give me the postcode, address please?  Too bad it doesn't mention the entrance fee, but I will call them.|The address is Gonville Place, postcode cb11ly.  What else can I help you with today?
That is all. Thank you so much!|Thank you for using our service today!
I am traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.|There are some great ones.  Can I help you find something in particular?
I would like to try some Indian food.|I have 22 restaurants serving indian food. What is your price range?
Any of them will be fine. I'll just need to know the price range, address, and postcode, please?|Okay. The Curry Garden is located at 106 Regent Street City Centre. The postcode is cb21dp and the price range is expensive.
am also looking for a train. The train should leave after 21:15 and should go to cambridge. The train should depart from stansted airport and should leave on saturday|Do you have a time that you could like to arrive by?
No, I just need 6 tickets departing after 21:15.|the first train leaves the station at 21:24 will that work for you? Or we could try a cab
No the train sounds good.  Can book 6 tickets please?|I will work on booking this and be right back with you.
Make sure i get the reference number also please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 48.48 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : B9L7E2J1.
Thanks! That's all I needed.|Have a wonderful time.
Hey, I have some time to kill and I was wondering if there were any multiple sports places in town?|The cherry hinton village centre, on the eastside, is the only one in town. Would you like more information?
Can you get me the hours for that one?|I do not have the hours but they can be reached at 01223576412, can I help with anything else?
I would like the postcode, phone number, and address|The cherry hinton village centre is located at colville road, cherry hinton, postcode cb19ej.  Their phone number is 01223576412. Can I do anything else for you today?
Yes.  May I please get a recommendation for a museum in the centre of town?|I would recommend the Regency Gallery. Do you need anything else?
ok, what is their phone number?|The phone number for Regency Gallery is 01223365454. Can I be of further assistance today?
Yes, I'll also need the postcode and address, please?|The museum's address is 39 fitzroy street cb11er. May I assist you further?
I also needs a train that leaves after 13:00 on friday.|where are you going may I ask?
From Cambridge to Bishops Stortford.|Train TR4664 leaves at 21:29 and arrives at 22:07.
Isn't there a train that leaves closer to 13:00?|There is a train that leave at 13:29 on Friday. Do you want that instead?
I'm looking to book a train that will depart out of Cambridge.  Can you give me information about trains that leave Cambridge and arrive in Norwich?|Of course. There is a train leaving Friday at 5:36. Would you like me to book it for you?
What time does it arrive?|It arrives by 06:55 would that be okay to book for you?
No I need one that arrives at 16:15.|I'm afraid 06:55 is the earliest I could find.
What?  16:15 is later that 6:55.  Are you saying you have nothing arriving in almost 10 hours after 6:55?|TR2534 arrives that time. can i book for you?
TR2534 arrives at what time?|Sorry, there was a miscommunication earlier. TR8314 is your best bet. It will arrive in Norwich at 15:55 on Friday.
Yes I would like this train booked. I need ticket for 4 people. I also need the reference number please.|Okay, your booking was successful. The total fee due at the station is 70.4 GBP. The reference number is 8RU6MZ5J.
Okay thanks. Can you also help me find somewhere to stay? I'd like a guesthouse in the north preferably with a 3 star rating.|I have 3 star guesthouses in the north. One has free wifi and parking while the other has neither. Which one would you prefer?
The one with wifi will work. I need to book it for Friday, 5 nights, 4 people.|No problem.  I have the rooms booked for you.  What else can I do?
Reference number please, come on, this is taking too long.  And I didn't even get the hotel name from you, is there a manager?|I apologize. You're booked at the Hamilton Lodge and your Reference number is : UC7W5EFU. Can I assist you with anything else?
That was all I needed.|Thank you for contacting us have a nice day.
I need a train on Tuesday, leaving from London Kings Cross.|There are 10 trains leaving London Kings Cross on Tuesday. What time would you like to depart?
Around 08:00 and departing for Cambridge.|There is a train leaving at 9:17. Does that work?
That should work fine can I get tickets for 6 people?|I have booked the train for 6 people. 141.6 GBP is payable at the station. The reference number is OFA93O2T.
That sounds great.  I appreciate your help.  Bye.|Okay Glad i could be of help.
I need a train from Cambridge to Norwich please.|What day will you be travelling?
I would like to depart on Sunday.|We have 19 trains that go from cambridge to norwich on sunday. Would you like to depart at a certain time?
I need to arrive by 12:30.|We have the TR9533 that arrives at 11:55. How is that?
I need the reference number, please.|How many tickets do you want? Do you want me to book that?
I only want one ticket please.|Your train is successfully booked.Your reference number is 2ORNPXR6.
Okay great. Thanks for your help.|Alright. Enjoy your journey.
Hi! Could you find me a train to Stevenage on Thursday?|There are 10 trains meeting your preferences. Would you like me to book one of these for you?
Would you be able to get me to Stevenage by 18:45?|Where would you be leaving from?
I'll be leaving from cambridge.|TR4765 will arrive in stevenage by 18:10 on Thursday, do you want to book a ticket?
I would like to book 7 tickets please. I will also need the reference number. Thanks|Sure, your reference number is : UIJ42C5L. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that is all I need.  Thank you so much for your help.  Have a nice day.|Thank you for using our service. Are you certain you don't need any further assistance?
Yes that's everything I needed thanks.|Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a wonderful day!
I was hoping to visit the cambridge university botanic gardens.|Cambridge University Botanic Gardens is located at Bateman Street in Centre with an entrance fee of 4 pounds. Do you need more information?
Yes, I will need the phone number, postcode and address please.|The postcode is cb21jf. The phone number is 01223336265 and they are located on bateman street. Is there anything else i can help you with?
I'll need a train to Birmingham New Street. Can you help with that?|I sure can!  What day are you looking to travel?
Monday, and I would like to get there by 21:15.|Where will you be departing from?
cambridge, I need 5 tickets and the reference number|Okay, the reference number is KVTFY7CR. Is there anything else you need?
No, that's it for me today. Thanks very much for your help.|enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Do you book trains for the bishops stortford?|Yes.  Are you departing or arriving in bishops stortford?
I am going there from Cambridge on Thursday.|I have 10 trains going to Bishops Stortford from Cambridge on Thursday. What time do you need to arrive?
I would like to arrive by 18:15.|TR0141 will have you in Cambridge by 14:07.
I need two tickets.|The TR0277 will get you there by 18:07. I can book you 2 tickets on that if you would like?
two tickets will be fine, please.|TR0277 two tickets. the total fee is 20.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is:  00QGJ7W5. Will there be anything else I can help you with today?
A nice place to eat that serves Austrian food. In the centre of town if possible.|I am so sorry no Austrian restaurants in that area, another food type perhaps?
Okay, do you have any good restaurants serving British food?|There are 7 restaurants in the Centre that serve British food, is there a price range you would like to stay in?
Any is fine, can I get the phone number and postcode of one you'd recommend?|i'd recommend the oak bistro. their phone number is 01223323361. their postcode is cb21eg.
great! thanks. thats all i need. goodbye.|Awesome. We're here 24/7 if you need us again. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
I am looking for a train leaving after 16:15 on friday.|Where will you be traveling from and to?
The train should depart from cambridge and arrive at leicester.|Okay. The TR0094 meets your criteria. Would you like more information or would you like to book tickets?
book for 1 person and get me  reference number|Okay, your ticket is booked! Reference number UYWWVHK8. Can I be of any further help?
Yes please. I'm looking for a good museum in town. Can you suggest one that you like?|Are you looking for one in a particular area?
Yes, the west please.|we have quite a few in the west, how can I help you?
Can you please provide me a list of museum options?|We have five museums in the west area.  I would recommend the Lynne Strover Gallery.  Would you like information on some of the other museums?
Can you give me the postcode, entrance fee, and address of one?|The lynne strover gallery is located at 23 high street, fen ditton, postcode cb30aq, and is free. May I help you with something else?
no thanks that is enough for today|You're welcome! Bye!
I need to see some train times for Wednesday.|There are 404 trains running on Wednesday, what point of departure and point of arrival are you interested in?
I need to depart from ely and arrive by 16:30.|I can help you with that. How early do you want to leave because we have trains running as early as 5:35
i want to arrive by 16:30 if possible.|The TR2211 will  leave Ely Wednesday arriving at 15:52.  Would you like to book that one?
Yes book that for me thank you|I will book that for you now.
Thank  you and I need a reference number|How many tickets will you need?
Just one ticket and thank you|Okay. I have booked one ticket for you. The reference number is EHRSRM7K and it will cost 4.4 GBP.
No, that is all. Thank you so much. Goodbye|Thank you for using our system!
I would like to find a Danish restaurant with a moderate price range.|There are no matches, can I try something else?
No, that's fine.|Can I help you find another place to dine?
Yeah, how about something that serves European food?|Sure, I can find that for you.  Is there a particular section of town that you were looking at?
I definitely would like it to be in the centre, please.|I would suggest galleria.
Okay. I'd like to reserve a table.|For when and how many?
A table for 7 at 12:15 on Wednesday. After booking please provide the reference number. Also need a train departing from Liverpool on Wednesday and arrive by 09:30 going to Cambridge.|You are booked at Galleria for 12:15 on Wednesday. Your reference number is: ROEZ39JR.
I also need to get a train on Wednesday from London Liverpool Street.|There are 10 trains departing London Liverpool Street on Wednesday? Do you have a departure time in mind?
I need a train that arrives in Cambridge by 09:30, please.|TR8813 arrives in cambridge at 09:07. The cost is 16.60 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please! Could you book me seats for 7 people?|You are booked on TR8813 with the reference number NFC67U5I. The total fee is 116.2 GBP payable at the station. It departs london liverpool street at 07:39.
Thank you! That is all I need.|Great! Glad I could be of help.
i am looking for a train. The train should depart from Peterborough and should go to Cambridge.|There are many trains available.  Do you have a specific day or time in mind?
I would like to travel on Sunday.|Great, and what time on sunday would you like to either leave after or arrive by?
I need to leave after 17:15.|can i book for you?
Yes I need it booked for 2 people.|The total fee is 26.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : CW3O4QG9. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that would be it thank you very much.|You're welcome. Have an amazing trip!
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre.|There are several options to choose from in the centre in the cheap price range. What kind of food are you in the mood for?
I don't really have a preference.  I just need something for Sunday at 18:00.  There will be 2 of us.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : EYEGC64E. Dojo Noodle Bar. Is there anything else?
I need a train from kings lynn to cambridge, if possible.|There are 133 trains available. Tell me more about your trip.
I'd like to arrive by 08:00, and I'd like to travel on the same day that I'm going to the Noodle Bar.|I have train TR5198 departing at 07:11 and arriving at 07:58. Would that work for you?
Yes, that works great. Could you book 2 tickets for me please?|Booking is successful, you will need to pay 15.68 at the station, your reference number is 9NJNSEIC., anything else that I can help with?
No thank you. That will be it.|Thank you, enjoy the rest of your day
I would like to book a train for Saturday.|Where would you like to go to?
I'll be catching the train at Birmingham New Street and take me to Cambridge.  Anytime after 12:30 is great.|TR0680 will depart at 12:40 and arrive 163 minutes later at 15:23. The trip will cost 60.08. Would you like to book?
Yes. Please book for 8 people.|Will you be needing a reference number?
Yes I need the reference number.|OK, you have 8 seats reserved on TR0680. The total fee is 480.64 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : WUCRXXMG.
I also need a very CHEAP hotel with free wifi, not necessarily free parking though|I have the Cambridge Belfry. It is a cheap hotel located in the west. It's 4 star rated and offers free wifi and parking. Do you need a room?
yes, please for 3 people for 3 nights starting on saturday|I was able to book the room successfully.  The reference number is 8L2C6Y3N.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you that is all I need.|Thanks for using our service & have a great visit!
Yes, I need help finding a restaurant there in Cambridge.|There are quite a few restaurants here in the city! Did you have a particular type of food in mind, or a price range you'd like to stay within?
I am actually looking for Efes Restaurant.  I would like to book a table for 7 people on Sunday at 19:30.  And please provide a reference number.|Ok your Booking was successful you Reference number is 3G02X88X.
Thanks. Can you check on trains for me?|As there are quite a few trains, what is your destination, departure, and arrival time needed? I will narrow them down for you.
I will be departing birmingham new street on Sunday. I want to arrive at cambridge by 14:15.|TR7468 would arrive Cambridge at 13:23. Would that work fine for you?
That would be great. I will need 7 tickets booked please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 420.56 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : UI1LGPAY.
Thank you for your help. That's all I need. Have a nice day.|Thank you and enjoy your stay in cambridge!
I'm looking for interesting museums in the centre of Cambridge, can you recommend me any?|I recommend the museum of archaelogy and anthropology
That sounds great! Can I have their address?|They are located at university of cambridge, downing street and there is no entrance fee. Would you like their phone number as well?
Not right now, but thanks. I do need a train to cambridge that leaves after 18:30, though.|Sure thing. Where will you be travelling from and on what day?
I will be departing from Stevanage on Tuesday.|Great! Train TR6913 leaves at 19:54 and arrives by 20:43, with a price of 12.80 pounds. Would that work for you?
Yes, it sounds great.  Can you book 8 seats for me please?|Your booking was on TR6914 not TR6913. Your reference number is 4L2BQ9VA. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, thank you!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre, have a great day!
Can you help me find a train going to cambrdige arriving by 09:00?|Absolutely! Where are you departing from?
I am departing from norwich|What day would you like to travel?
I would like to travel on Sunday.|TR4202 will leave at 07:16 and arrive 79 minutes later at 08:35. It will cost 14.08 pounds. Would you like to book a seat?
cool, actually i need eight seats.|Your tickets have been booked. The total fee for 8 tickets is 112.64 GBP payable at the station and your reference number is AT6FDYTN. Anything else you need today?
I need to book a 3 night stay starting on Tuesday for 8 at the Aylesbray Lodge Guest house.  I need a reference number for it.|Okay, the booking was successful. Reference number is : FKO2U5E7. Anything else I can help you with?
thank you that is all|Excellent. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I need a train to cambridge. Get me one that arrives by 13:00|There are over 500 results. Where are you leaving from? And what day?
I will be going to Ely on Thursday.|too many options to choose from, can you please help narrow them down?
i am leaving peterborough|Are you going to cambridge or ely? You've said both.
I am going to Cambridge and should arrive by 13:00. Can you book for 3 people leaving Wednesday from Peterborough? Also need information on Clare College.|I still have 14 trains.  Arriving at :09 and :38 every hour starting at 06:09 and the last is at 12:38.  Which one do you want?
I'd like one that arrives by 13:00 on wednesday.|They all do. Which train would you like?
Well pick pick the one that leaves the latest but arrives by 13:00 and book for 3 people.|all set! Reference # is EH4ICTHP. Anything else today?
Yes, I need information on clare college.|clare college is a college located in the west
Can I also have the address and entrance fee?|Clare College is on Trinity Lane. The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that is all for today.|great, have a good day!
I am planning your trip in Cambridge. looking for a train|I feel more comfortable planning my own trip, but I can help you with yours.   Where will you be coming from and on what day?
I am from Broxbourne and coming into Cambridge. What trains would you have available on Monday?|We have nineteen trains available that day. Is there any time you would like to leave or arrive by?
I need to leave after 21:15.  Can you book this for four people?  I need a reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 71.59 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : UPJBMQ32.
Thanks, I also need a guest house.|We have many fine guesthouses in town. Is there a certain part of town or price range you would like?
I want it to be cheap, in the centre, and it must have internet|there are two results here. Do you have a preference for star rating?
No, I don't have a preference for star rating. Either would be fine.|Well 4 stars sounds better than 0 to me, how about the alexander bed and breakfast.  Would you like to book there?
as long as it has free wifi. I need a room for 2 nights for 4 people on the same day.|It does have internet. I booked your reservation, the reference number is RUNKLECC. Anything more I can help with?
that will be all for me today. Thank you, bye!|You are very welcome. Enjoy your stay!
Hello, I am looking for a guesthouse that has free parking, can you help me with that?|Is there a specific area you are looking at and what price range would you like?
I just need it to be in the west and it should include free wifi.|I found two locations Finches Bed and Breakfast and Hobsons house, which one would you prefer?
I think I would prefer the Hobsons House. Can I get the postcode and phone number?|The address for Hobsons House is 96 Barton Road and the postcode is cb39lh, would you like me to book a reservation?
Not at this time.  I am also looking for a train leaving from cambridge on wednesday.|There are 202 trains departing from Cambridge that day. What time would you like to leave?
The train should leave after 13:45.|There are 107 trains leaving after 13:45. If you give me your destination I can narrow down the choices.
I'm heading to leicester.|Yes I have a Wednesday train from Leicester to Cambridge that departs at 14:21 and arrives at 16:06. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, I'd like to make the booking for 8 people.|Just to clarify, that train is from Cambridge to Leicester. I've made reservations for 8, reference no. HG6Y42HX. You can pay at the station.
thank you for your help|Thank you for contacting Cambridge InfoCentre today! Enjoy your stay.
Are there any trains leaving cambridge?|There are many trains leaving Cambridge
I'm trying to get to London Liverpool Street on Friday.|When would you like to leave?
I don't have a preference but I do need to arrive by 14:45.|Friday at 5:59 would you like me to book it for you ?
Yes, please book it for 3 people.|Great.  Your booking was successful.  The reference number is E2998ZVM.
Thanks! Now can you help me find an expensive restaurant to go to in the centre?|There are lots of expensive food options in the centre. Do you have a preferred food type?
Can you just suggest one for me?|I recommend bedouin. Do you want a reservation?
Yes, please reserve it for 3 people on Friday at 11:45. And I want the reference number too|You are booked for 3 at 11:45 on Friday at Bedouin.  Your reference number is JETYPNVX. Have fun! Anything else?
Awesome, that is all thanks for your help.|Thank you and enjoy your stay!
I need a train on Wednesday, to take me to Leicester.|Did you have an arrival or departure time in mind?
I need to arrive by 17:45|TR0677 will get you there by 7:06.  How many seats will you need?
I will need 2 seats|Okay, I have booked 2 tickets for you! Reference number JCKUN8PK. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks! Can you help me with a restaurant that I'm looking for its called dojo noodle bar.|It is located at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre and is cheap. Would you like reservations?
I would like to book a table for the same group of people at 14:45 on the same day.|Great. I was able to do that are your reference number is QLKTYZDK..
Perfect. Thank you very much. I think that is all I need today.|I'm happy to be of service! Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I need a train leaving Cambridge on Sunday.|Can I get your destination please?
Stansted Airport please.|What time would you like to leave?
Leave after 14:45. I need a booking for 7 people and the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 56.56 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : LZY6ET2M. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
i'm also looking for info about a restaurant.|What part of town would you like ?
I am specifically looking for a restaurant called fitzbillies restaurant. I am wanting to book a table for 10:15 for 7 people on Sunday.|Alright I booked that, and your reference is PMCEY5JA. Anything else I can do?
Thanks so much for your help, I think that will be all I need today.|You're very welcome. Enjoy your stay.
Hi, I would like to purchase a train ticket.|I can help you with that. Where would you like to arrive and depart from and on what day?
I want to depart from london liverpool street on Saturday leaving after 08:30 to go to cambridge|TR0357 will leave at 09:39, would that work for you?
That sounds like it will work. Can you book 7 seats for us? I'll need a reference number.|7 seats have been booked and your reference number is: MN2WKAWI
I also need to find a place to stay while there. Preferably something expensive.|ok there are 5 different ones. Which area of town are you wanting to stay in?
I'm flexible on the area but I really want a hotel instead of a guesthouse. And I would like something with 4 stars.|You have two choices that match your criteria: Huntingdon Marriott Hotel in the west, and University Arms Hotel in centre. Would you like to book a room at one of these?
Do either of them have free parking?|Yes, both of them. Is there anything else about them you'd like to know?
I would like to book one of those for 2 nights please.|OK, how many people will be staying and what day will you be checking in?
7 people on the same night.|Booking was unsuccessful at both hotels. Would you like to change the duration of your stay?
Sure, try just 1 night.|Booking was successful at the University Arms Hotel located in the centre of town. They are 4-star rated and have free parking and wifi. Reference number is: 5Y7U9B9A. Is that ok?
Yeah that works for me. It's also all I needed for today. Thanks!|Thank you for using our service. Have a great evening. Goodbye.
I need a guest house to stay in. What do you have?|I can definitely help you with that. How about we start with a price range you prefer? Or maybe an area you prefer?
I don't really have a preference. I just need free wifi.|How about the A and B Guest House in the east?
Yes I'd like to book that for 1, starting Monday for 3 nights. Also could I have the reference number for that?|Booking was successful. Reference number is : CP66EFS7. Will there be anything else?
I also need a train to Cambridge.|I can help you find one. First of all, where are you going to be departing from?
I need a train form Cambridge on Monday arriving at Leicester by 12.|The earliest is TR8631, departing Cambridge at 05:21, arriving Leicester, 07:06. Would you like to book a ticket, or perhaps a later time would be better?
Later time. Book for the same amount of people though.|How about TR2192, it leaves Cambridge at 09:21 and arrives at 11:06, will this be better for you?
Yes that is fine and a reference number please|It has been booked the reference number is OWA1681U
Thank you so much.  That is all I need for today.  Bye.|Have a great day!
I want a train that departs from bishops stortford on Thursday.|I can find that train for you. What time would you like to depart?
I don't care when I depart as long as I make it to Cambridge by 20:45.|I have eight trains matching your preferences.  Would you like me to book TR0060 that arrives at 20:07?
Yes please, book it for 2 people and provide me with the reference number if you don't mind.|Your all ready to go! Reference number is Mh4TQ7KB. Anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, can you provide some information about Gonville and Caius College?|Of course, so this college is located on trinity street in the centre. Anything else you needed to know about this place?
The attraction type is college? I think that's all the information that I needed, thanks.|I have found gonville and college. It is free to get in.
Thanks, that's all I need today. I appreciate your help.|Thank you, Goodbye.
While in Cambridge I am looking for a college in the centre of town please.|There are 13 colleges in the centre of town, did you have a particular one you were interested in?
No I don't have a preference.|Okay, we've got christ's college on	saint andrew's street  at 01223334900.  Will there be anything else?
I am also looking for a train that departs from cambridge. I'd like it to arrive by 18:15.|Yes, I can help you with that. The first train leaves at 05:00 on Friday and the last one departs at 13:00, do you have a preference?
Yes. I would like the train to depart from Cambridge and arrive by 18:15.|What would your destination be?
saint andrew street|I'm sorry, but I don't understand. Can you please restate your request?
Yes, I need a train from cambridge to bishops stortford on Tuesday. I need to arrive by 18:15.|Thank you. TR2153 will depart cambridge at 17:29 on tuesday, arriving at bishops stortford at 18:07. Will that work?
That should work thank you very much|How many tickets do you need?
Can I get tickets for 5 people?|Sure. Your reference number is KOPBB0EL. Anything else I can do for you today?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|You're quite welcome! We hope you've found this service useful and wish you a wonderful rest of your day.
I need a train leaving on Friday.|Where are you departing from and what is your destination?
The train should depart from cambridge and should go to ely.|Is there a particular time you'd like to leave?
I would like to leave on Friday and should arrive by 08:15.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 4.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 57E550PF.
I would like to book a train for Thursday after 20:45. Can you help?|No problem! Where will you be departing from and where is the destination?
I need to leave bishops stafford and head into cambridge.|TR6336 departs at 21:29 and arrives at 22:07 for 10.10 pounds.  Do you wish to book this one?
Sounds right, would you book it for 6 people? I will need the reference number, thank you.|Your Reference number is : VCAW5JNF.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
I have heard wonderful things about the autumn house hotel.  Could you provide me with some information on this hotel please?|Sure. Autumn House is a cheap, guesthouse type hotel in he east part of town. It has 4 stars.
Perfect thanks for such great help|You're welcome. Would you like a booking or any other information?
Could I please have the phone number for the Autumn House?|Sure! The number is 01223575122. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thank you. But thank you very much.|You're welcome. Have a wonderful trip!
Hi, I'm looking for a hotel. I'm looking for something with zero stars, I'm kind of doing an irony thing.|I show 3 with zero stars. One in the north, and two in the centre. Did you have a preference?
yes the one in centre of town will you book it ?|Cityroomz is in the centre of town with 0 stars. What date will you like me to book it?
Is it a guesthouse?|it is moderate  priced hotel with free  internet. can we go ahead and book?
Yes please, 3 people for 5 nights starting on wednesday.|You're all set! Reference number is CPNDRAUS. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am looking to get train tickets as well.|We have 2,828 different trains available.  Where are you leaving from.
I will travel to cambridge from stansted airport on wednesday and need to arrive by 14:15|There are 9 trains available. Do you need tickets booked?
Yes, I will need tickets for the group. Thank you|I have you booked on the last train, departing at 9:52. Your reference number is FIDSQKSN. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all for now. Thank You|I'm happy to help, and I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I need to find some information in a particular restaurant. Are you able to look up a specific place?|Absolutely.  What is the name of the restaraunt you are interested in?
kohinoor. i want to book a table for 2 people at 16:45 on Thursday|Sure. Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : X9AVZ8EI. Can I help with anything else today?
I also need a Thursday train.|What location will you depart from and where are you headed?
Depart from Ely and would like to arrive by 13:00 in Cambridge. I need to book it for 2 people I also need a reference number. Thanks|Sure thing, it's booked and your reference number is PWSVK4XQ. Do you need more help?
Nope, I'm all finished for today. Thanks so much, goodbye now!|You are very welcome, bye!
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town.|What type of food are you looking for?
I would like eritrean, please.|I'm very sorry there are no restaurants that serve eritrean food in the centre area. Is there another type of cuisine we can look for?
How about Turkish?|efes restaurant should be fine. it is moderately priced and located in King Street City Centre, cb11ln. can we book?
Sure make me a booking for 8 people at 19:00 on monday.|I have made reservations your reference number is KZ7IRCWH.
I also need a train on the same day as the restaurant booking and should arrive by 11:00|Sure, where are you departing from? What is your destination?
I am leaving stevenage and going to cambridge.|Okay, the TR8265 arrives by 10:43 and leaves at 09:54. Would you like me to book tickets for you?
Yes please book the train for eight people.|Your booking was a success. The total fee is 102.4 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is KH92FZBE. Could I be assistance to you with anything else?
Nope that's it. Thank you.|You're welcome, hope you enjoy your visit :)  Bye.
Can you help me find a museum?|Certainly! There are 23 great museums to visit. Are you looking for a specific area of town?
Not really. Which is your favorite?|My favorite is the Williams Art and Antiques. They are in the centre of town and offer free entrance. Would you like more information on it?
Yes adress and phone number please|The address is gwydir street, no. 5 dale's brewery, phone number is 01223311687. Anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a train that goes to Cambridge on Thursday.|Where are you leaving from? Is there a specific arrival or departure time that you need?
I am leaving from Broxbourne and should arrive by 21:30|Is there a certain time you would like to leave?
no book  for 4 people and get the reference number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 94.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : D06EZBWG.
Thank you for your help.|You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else?
That is all I will need. Thank you.|Have a good trip!
I need to find a train into Cambridge that will arrive by 09:15.|I can help you with that. Where are you traveling from?
I will be leaving the Stansted Airport on Thursday.|Perfect, I have train TR1472 that meets your criteria, would you like me to book a ticket for you?
Book it for 3 people.|Sure. Your train is booked. The fee will be 30.29 GBP and your reference number is 7FGDRE1Q.
I need to find a place to stay as well. Can you help?|I need to know what you're looking for first.
I planning a trip to Cambridge toward the west side I would like information on the entertainment in this part of the town .|We have Whale of a Time in the west. Would you like any information on this attraction?
Yes, how much is the entrance fee?|Unfortunately I do not have access to that info.
That is unfortunate. Could you provide me with their phone number so I can ask them myself?|Not a problem! You can call them at 01954781018! Sorry about that!
It's alright. I'm also looking for a train that leaves on Thursday from Cambridge. I'm trying to get to Stansted Airport by 08:30.|There are three possible trains that meet your criteria. Would you like to depart at 05:40, 06:40, or 07:40?
It doesn't matter. Let's take the 5:40.|Perfect. Just one ticket? The cost will be 10.10 pounds.
I actually need 8, I'm taking my family with me.|Booking was successful for TR7966, the total fee is 80.8 GBP payable at the station.  Your eference number is : NT1R53H8. Can I help with anything else?
That's all I needed. Thank you!|I'm glad I could be of service, have a good day.
You, too! Goodbye!|Goodbye and hope to see you again.
Can you help me find a train leaving after 9:15 going to Ely? Thanks.|Yes, there are many. Where are you departing from?
I am departing out of Cambridge. I really do need to leave sometime after 21:15 for sure.|There are 14 trains available. What day will you be leaving?
I'm leaving on Saturday.|I have two on Saturday. Would you like me to book one?
Yes please. I need 6 tickets.|I have booked 6 seats for you on saturday.  Would you like some restaurant suggestions in ely?
Thank you. I also need a hotel.|Where would you like to stay on your trip?
First, can you give me my reference number for the train?|Yes, the Train ID is TR7738.
Thank you. I need a hotel with free parking and free wifi.|I'd love to help you with that. There are so many hotel options in the area. Can you help me narrow it down a bit? Area? Price range, etc.?
I would like a place like a guesthouse that has at least 4 stars.|We have 16 possible guesthouse matches with parking and internet.  What price range are you interested in?
Sorry can we go back to the train for a moment?  I need the reference number, not the train ID for my booking.|Your reference number is  DALA684J
Back to the guesthouse now ... what is the price range for your favorite one?|the arbury lodge guesthouse is quite nice. It's cheap too.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!|You're very welcome. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I need a place to stay with free wifi.|Ok, I have several hotels. Any particular location?
Location doesn't really matter as long as there's free parking available.|I have several available. What is your price range?
Between $100-$300 per night.|How about the Gonville Hotel located in the centre area of town?
What is their postcode?|Their postcode is cb11Iy, address gonville place, phone 0122336661 they have wifi and free parking too. Would you like me to book this for you?
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|Well, I am here to help, but I need to know what you want me to look for.
Pardon my mistake, my migranes make my head a little foggy at times, can you help me find an expensive chinese place to eat at?|I found 9 great choices. Is there a specific area of town you want to be in?
It doesn't matter. I trust your judgment.  I need a reservation for friday.|Okay, how about ugly duckling?
That sounds great.  Can you book a table for 5 at 13:15?|Your reservation is all set. Your reference number is 3FF42HU1. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The train should leave after 13:15 and should leave on saturday. The train should depart from cambridge and should go to leicester. book for same number of people|There is a 13:21 that would get you there by 15:06.  How does that sound?
Great. Can you book for five people and give me the reference number for that?|I have that booked for you with a reference number of 1XMFVN8T. Is there anything else I can do for you to make your trip as easy as possible?
That's all I needed today. Thanks for your help. Goodbye!|Ok. Take care have a nice day.
I am wondering if you have any information on a place called Gallery at Twelve a high street?|Yes, I do. They are a museum located in the east of town. They offer free admission. Their address is on Fulbourn. Did you need any additional information?
No thank you. That is great. Thank you!|Glad I could help!
Are there any trains that travel from Cambridge to Stevenage?|Yes! There are a lot, actually. When would you like to take the train?
I would like the train to leave on Saturday after 14:15.|The train TR8813 leaves cambridge on Saturday at 15:21 and arrives at 16:10. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes please book that for 7 people.|Ok it has been booked the total fee is 1.68 GBP and reference number is L192G86J
Thank you for your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that would be it. Thank you for your help!|Enjoy your trip! Goodbye.
I'd like a train leaving from Norwich and arriving by 17:15, please.|Certainly!  First, can you confirm the day you are traveling and the destination you are traveling to?
I'll be going to Cambridge on Saturday.|Sure how many tickets? First train leaves at 05:16 and the last 09:16. Do you have specific time in mind?
The train should depart from norwich and should arrive by 17:15. for 4 people|How about TR1156, it will depart Norwich at 15:16 and will arrive in Cambridge at 16:35? Does this work for your schedule?
That should work, can I please get a reference number? Also, I am looking for a place to stay in the moderate price range that is 4 stars.|Booked!  fee is 56.32 GBP payable at the station. Reference number: G5DHGHZV. Also do you have an area preference for the hotel?
No, but I would prefer a guest house.|We have 33 total entries that match you criteria, location varying from north, south, and east.  Would you like any more information on them?
Just any moderate guest house with 4 stars that you recommend.  I need it for 3 nights for my group.  For the same day we are traveling.|I've booked your group rooms at the Acorn Guesthouse for Saturday, staying 3 nights. Reference number is 8Y6XQ1PM. Need anything else today?
No that was all thank you.|Thank you for using our service. Have a great day.
i am looking for a train that leaves on thursday and arrives by 09:15|Where are you departing from, please?
I am leaving from Cambridge where I am now.|What is your destination?
I'm going to london liverpool street.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 23.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : XFCGPXHA.
Thank you, that's all I need. good bye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!
Hi, I'd like a guesthouse in the expensive range.|Actually we don't show an expensive guesthouse in the database.  What area are you interested in?  Can I interest you in an expensive hotel?
Yes. I would like a hotel with free parking.|I do not show any results meeting that criteria. Would you be interested in a 4 star hotel instead?
no thanks, what about something in the moderate range?|My apologies.  We actually have several expensive hotels with free parking.  For example, the Gonville Hotel is in city centre and has free parking.
That would be fine can you give me the address, postcode and phone number please?|The address is gonville place	and the postcode is cb11ly. Their phone number is 01223366611
Great, thanks. I need a train as well - it needs to leave on friday after 17:45.|Where will you be departing and what is your destination?
I'd like to leave on friday after 17:45. From birmingham new street going to cambridge|The TR8903 departs at 18:40 and arrives at 21:23.
Please book it for 4 people.|You and your party are booked on TR8903. Your reference number is TGU3C02J. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you, that will be everything today.|Thank you for contacting us, if you need further assistance do not hesitate to contact us again. Have a wonderful day.
You to, thanks for the help!|Thank you. Good bye.
I need some tacos! Can you help me find a Mexican restaurant on the south side of the city?|Yes, I found Chiquito Restaurant.   It is located at 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry .  Phone number is 01223400170.
Thank you very much for the information!|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train leaving Cambridge after 20:30.|Where are you headed to and what day would you like to travel?
peterborough and I need to leave on Saturday after 20:30|Sure, TR4928 leaves Cambridge at 21:06.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Book it for 4 people, yes. I need the reference number too.|I was able to book those 4 tickets for you. Your reference number is 3E8ZH4KO. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that is it thank you.|You're welcome! Please let me know if you need anything else.
I am looking for the Fitzwilliam Museum.|I'd be happy to give you more information on the Fitzwilliam Museum.  The address is trumpington street.  Do you need any additional information for this attraction?
Could you give me the exact postcode for the museum, please?|I sure can!  The postcode is cb21rb.  Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
Yes. I am also looking for a train to Cambridge. I am leaving from Broxbourne.|Train TR5570 is what you're looking for!
Ok, great!  Thank you very much for your help.|Is there anything else I can do for you today?
That is all! Thank you so much!|You're welcome. I hope you have a wonderful day! Goodbye.
Hi I'm looking for a restaurant in the center, one that is inexpensive.|Bedouin on 100 Mill Road City Centre is available.  It serves African food.  Would you like a reservation?
Is there a restaurant that serves Tuscan food?|I'm sorry, but I don't show any Tuscan restaurants.
Can you try Chinese?|We have 6 inexpensive Chinese restaurants in this area.  So that I can narrow down the choice are you looking for the cheap price range or moderately priced?
I'm sorry, I would actually like to find a cheap Mediterranean restaurant.|Sure thing I would suggest la mimosa
is it a cheap place?|La Mimosa is not cheap, but The Gardenia is. Would you like a table there?
yes, I would like to book a table for 7 people at 14:00 on tuesday|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : Y93ZZAHM. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I'll need a train leaving cambridge and going to ely on Tuesday as well.|at what time do you want to leave or arrive?
i would like to arrive in cambridge by 08:00.|Please confirm you are traveling from cambridge and going to ely. Also, confirm if you want to leave Cambridge at 08:00 or arrive in ely at 08:00.
that is right, please get me the booking.|Your Train ID is TR1534 and the price is 4.40 pounds per person.
Can i get the reference number please?|How many tickets do you need?
I need 7 tickets please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 30.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 25ILDP20.
Thank you so much!|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's it. Thank you so much for your help.|i am happy i have been of help to you. great day
I am looking for a hotel to stay in with a 4 star rating that is in a guesthouse style.|I like acorn guest house.  Need me to book a room?
Does that include free wifi?|They do indeed provide complimentary Internet access. Would you like to make a reservation?
Just one more question:  Is it in the moderate prince range?  If so, please give me their address.  If not, I need something moderately priced.|Yes, it is. It's located on 154 chesterton road, cb41da. Would you like a room?
No thanks. Not at this time. I would appreciate some help finding a train to get me to Ely though.|Can you tell me where you will be leaving from and on what day and time?
I would like to leave after 15:15 on Thursday.|We have a train departing Cambridge at 15:50, arriving at Ely at 16:07. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Yes that works great. Can you book 2 tickets for that train and give me the reference number?|Your booking was successful. The total fee is 8.8 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is H0BMD920.
Great. That's all I needed. Thank you.|Have a nice day, goodbye!
Hey any ideals for a cheap chines restaurant ?|Charlie Chan is a good one. Would you like me to book it?
Is that one in the south? That's the area I'll be in.|Charlie Chan is in the Centre.  How about the lucky star?  It's in the south.
Sure that sounds good can  get a booking for 6 people at 11:30 on sunday.|Ok.  I have a table for 6 booked at 11:30 Sunday.  The reference number is A57HXG6M.  They will hold the table for 15 minutes.
Thanks. I also need train tickets for Sunday.|Where will you travel to and from?
I'll be travelling from norwich to cambridge.|We have 19 trains that day starting at 5:16 and going by the hour, any preferred time range?
Anytime after 6 would be good thank you|There is a train leaving at 6:16. Would you like me to book that for you?
I need to be in Cambridge by 8:45. Can you book a train for that will arrive close to 8:45? Thanks.|i have train tr4202 that will arrive in cambridge by 08:35. how many tickets do you need?
There are six of us.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 84.48 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : WPGYOY1Y.
Thanks for taking care of everything so quickly. Have a great afternoon! Bye.|Your welcome. I am glad I was able to help.
Good afternoon, I need to make arrangements to leave Stevenage on Monday by train. Would you help me please?|What is your destination?
Cambridge is my destination|There are several options. What time would you like to depart?
I wish to leave sometime after 14:15.|How about TR5825?
thats still alright. give mee the reference number too please|How many tickets do you need, please? Is it one?
I need 2 tickets please.|The booking was successful, your reference number is 8C5GS6IL. The total fee will be 25.6 GBP, payable at the station. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's all I needed. Thank you!|You're welcome,have a nice day and a wonderful trip.
I need a train. The train should depart from ely and should leave on thursday.|I would be happy to assist you in finding a train!  Can you please advise where you will be traveling to?
Cambridge. I need to get there by 11:15.|I have 3 options to choose from: arrival times of 5:52, 7:52 and 9:52. Which do you prefer?
I will take 9:52|price is 4.40 pounds should i book it for you?
Yes, please book it for 8 tickets for me and pleases give me the reference number.|I was able to book 8 Train tickets for you at the cost of 35.2 GBP, which is payable at the station. The reference number is 27OF6EO3.
I'm also looking for information on the Whipple Museum of the History of Science.|Okay, it's a museum in the city centre.  Would you like more information on it?
Yes, is there an entrance fee?|The entrance fee is free. Is there anything else I could help you with?
That takes care of my needs today. Take care. Goodbye.|Enjoy your trip!
I want to find places to go in the centre of town that are park type attractions.|I think that you will like cambridge university botanic gardens.  It's 4 pounds, may I book it for you?
Yes, that sounds good!  Please provide me with the postcode.|I'm sorry, we aren't able to book tickets for attractions, but their postcode is cb21jf, and I can provide their address and phone if you like?
No. That is all I need.  I would like help finding a train for Saturday though.  I need to leave after 15:45.|There are 172 trains that match your request so far so I need additional information. Where will you be leaving from and travelling to?
I'll be leaving from Norwich and heading to Cambridge.|I would suggest booking TR9724
As long as that leaves after 15:45, please book 8 tickets for me.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 112.64 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : M8ER05M6. Will there be anything else today?
That will be all, thank you!|Thank you goodbye
I need a Tuesday train to from Peterbourough.|If your are going to cambridge the first train leaves at 05:19 and the last at 07:19, any particular time and how many tickets please?
I need one ticket please and for leaving at 16:15,thank you.|Let me confirm this information:  Are you leaving from Peterborough at around 16:15 and going to Cambridge on Tuesday?
Yes, that's mostly right, but it should be after 16:15, please.|There's a train, TR5267, which leaves Peterborough at 16:19, arr. Cambridge 17:09. It's 16.50 pounds per ticket. Would you like to book it?
Yes, please book it for one person and provide the reference number.|All booked. Your reference number is LBUHU6M3. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Could you help me book a hotel called el shaddai?|What day would you like to stay at the el shaddai?
Right now I just need their phone number and to know if they have internet or not please.|Sure they do have internet and their phone number is 01223327978.
Thank you! That's all for me. Goodbye!|Glad I could help. Let me know if there's ever anything else you need.
I'm looking for a train leaving cambridge on sunday.|I can help with that. What is the destination and what time would you like to leave?
I would like to go to stevenage by 14:00.|You can take train TR8464 to arrive there in time.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please book it for 7 people and provide the reference number.|Here is the booking information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 71.68 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : FCZJMTAI.
I am also looking for a place to stay.|I'll be glad to help you with that. What area would you like to stay in?
Somewhere in the north, with 4 stars, free parking, and expensive.|i don't have anything that fits those criteria, would you like me to look for something else?
Can you try those same things but in the moderate price range?|That bring sup six results, I recommend the home from home guesthouse, would you like more info or a booking?
Yes, could I book one for 4 nights starting from Wednesday?|Sure! For how many people?
2 people and 1 dog|Your room has been booked. Your reference number HPLM0SM6.
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!|Not a problem. You have a great day, as well!
Can you help me find a place to go in the centre?|I found 44 different attractions near that location, is there something specific you're looking for?
No, not really. What's your favorite thing to do in the centre of town?|My favorite thing to do is look at the architecture at Holy Trinity Church.  It's located on Market Street and it's free to get in.  Does this work?
Yes And I would like to find a train that arrives by 13:00 going to Kings Lynn.|Okay what day will you be traveling?
I will be leaving from Cambridge on Sunday.|I have a train to Kings Lynn that arrives at 12:58.
Perfect! I would like to book it for 4 people.|Would you like me to book it now?
Yes please book it for 4 people and give me the reference number.|I will work on getting that booked and be right back with you.
Okay can I get the reference number?|I was able to book it, reference number is XYAQ9XA4.
Thank you. That is all I am inquiring about today.|Thank you. Let me know if I can help again.
Hello, can you please help me find a train that leaves on sunday. I would also like the train to go to peterborough.|Ok, I have 38 trains heading to Peterborough on Sunday. What time would you like to leave?
I would like to leave after 15:00.|Sure, there are plenty of trains that you could take.  The first is at 15:34, then 16:06, and there are many more.  Is there a time that's best?
The 15:34 sounds perfect. Could you book me tickets for 2?|I have booked 2 seats on TR4558.  The cost is 13.20 pounds.  Train leaves cambridge sunday at 16:06.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you, I also need to find a room.|Is there a specific area you'd like me to search?
No, that doesn't matter, as long as it has free wifi. I would like it to be a 2 star hotel.|There are 3 matches for your preferences. I recommend Ashley Hotel.
Okay, please book that for 2 people and 5 nights starting tuesday. I'll need a reference number.|Ok.  The booking was successful and your reference number is PFMOZLXC.
Thanks, that takes care of all my needs for today. Bye!|Great, it was a pleasure assisting you! Goodbye!
Yes, I am looking for a place to eat. Can you help me?|Yes, we have over a hundred restaurants here in Cambridge, I'm sure we'll find one you'll like. Do you have a particular cuisine in mind?
Let's find me a place that serves expensive european food.|Eraina serves expensive european food.
Can I have their address and phone number?|The address for Eraina is Free School Lane City Centre. The phone number is 01223368786. Would you like any other information?
I'm also looking to book some train tickets for Thursday. I need to leave Cambridge and arrive in Leicaster by 09:15.|Then you'll want to take TR0025, departing Cambridge at 07:21 and arriving in Leicester at 09:06. How many tickets do you need?
I will need tickets for 2 people.|I have booked 2 tickets for Thursday. You depart Cambridge at 7:21 and arrive in leicester at 9:06. Your reference number is K4888RU4. Can I help with anything else?
Yay, thank you!|Well I am glad I can help. Enjoy !
Thank you for your help.|No problem!  Have a great trip!
I would like to know the names of some good local restaurants.  Could you tell me where to find a train?  The train should arrive by 20:15.|Sure, what is your destination?
I'm going to Cambridge.|I have several trains going to cambridge. Where are you departing from?
I'm actually departing from cambridge and going to london kings cross.|train ID TR8676 leaves for London Kings Cross on Wednesday 19: 00 and arrives at 19:51, will that be fine?
That sounds perfect, please book 1 ticket for me, and can I have the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 23.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 4CTSEFMG.
I'm also looking for a moderately priced restaurant.|I see that there are several restaurants in the moderate price range, what type of food are you looking for?
Any suggestions for entertainment?|Is there a certain area you're looking at?
Yes, I'm looking for something close to the center of town.|I'm not finding anything close to the centre of town.  Is there another area you'd like me to check for you?
Is there a college in the centre area that you could give me more information on?|There are several, what would you like to know?
Which one would you recommend for me to visit as a tourist? I need the postcode, entrance fee and phone number for it.|I highly recommend downing college. It's free! The postcode is cb21dq and the phone number is 01223334860.
sweet, brah. i'm also looking to book a train.|Okay brah where you leaving from?
I will be leaving after 8:15 from london kings cross.|We have many trains available that are leaving london kings cross after 8:15. What is the location of your destination? Which day would you like to leave on?
I will travel in Tuesday. Arrival is not important.|TR5886 leaves at 09:17, price is 23.60 pounds a person, do you want me to book you?
Thank you. Yes I would really love for you to book the train for 2 people.|I have made that reservation and your reference number is IADFZDHY.
Great, thanks so much! That's all I'll be needing! Bye bye!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|Okay! What would you like to know?
My best friend told me about a great place they stayed at. It was called Finches Bed and Breakfast. Can you tell me a little about that place?|I would be happy to get you that information. It's a guest house located in the west area of town. What else would you like to know?
I think I am ready to book. Can you get me a booking for 8 people for 4 nights, starting from Sunday?|Booking was successful. Your reference number is PEA9MNU6. Will that be all for today?
Actually, I need some information on a train heading into Cambridge.|Where will you be traveling from?
I want to leave Bishops Stortford and arrive in Cambridge by 12:00, please.|TR2061 arrives by 06:07. Will that do?
Yes please book that for 8 people and provide me with the reference number.|Okay, you're all set. I've booked your trip on train TR2061. The total cost is 80.8 GBP, payable at the station, and the reference number is HI5QN7N7.
Thank you so much!  You're very helpful and I appreciate all your work.  I'm looking forward to this trip!|Do you need a taxi to or from anywhere?
nope, leave me alone now please|Okay, well have a great day.
Thank you! Bye!|I'm glad I could help you today.  Good bye.
Looking for a train that leaves from london liverpool street and goes to cambridge|What day and time are you planning to leave?
I would like to leave after 10:15 on tuesday.|TR5691 departs at 11:39. Will that work for your needs?
Yes, that works. I'd like to book that for one person.|I was able to book your ticket. Your reference number is RP24CQ0D. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks. I'm also looking for a museum in the area of west.|There are 7 musuems located in the west. If you are interested in books, I would suggest the cambridge book and print gallery.
Can you give me the phone number and address?|Sure. They are located at 49 newnham road	and you can reach them at 01223694264.
Do you know if they have an entrance fee?|They are free! Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all I need help with at the moment. Thank you.|You are very welcome. Have a great time, and thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I want to find places to go in town, specifically college attractions.|There are multiple colleges to visit. Would you like a list of them and locations?
What would your best recommendation be for one?|I would recommend christ's college in the centre.
That sounds good. May I have the phone number and postcode?|yes adress and phone number please
I am looking for information in Cambridge|What kind of information were you looking for?
I would like a 4 star luxury place to stay. It must include free wifi. But I'm cheap as all get out, so nothing too pricey.|I have a few that match, do you have a location preference?
The area doesn't matter as long as they have a room available for 3 people staying 4 nights.|That shouldn't be a problem. What day would you like to begin your stay?
from Thursday.|alexander bed and breakfast would be perfect for you. Shall i book it ?
It'll be very good if you can include alexander bed and breakfast but need to be in a reasonable price.|alexander bed and breakfast is ideal for you.
Can you help me to locate a free attraction near the hotel?|There are many in the centre of town,what type are you looking for a church,or swimming or a park ?
Hello, I am looking for a place called the broughton house gallery. Can you help me?|Yes, I am familiar with it. It's located in the centre of the city on 98 King Street. Is there anything else?
Yes, can you tell me what type of attraction it is and whether or not there is an entrance fee?|Certainly. The Broughton House Gallery is a museum, and there is no entrance fee.
Thank you for the information.  I also need a train that goes to Cambridge leaving Sunday.|What time would you like to leave by
I'd like to find a train leaving from Ely to go to Cambridge, please.|What day will you travel?
I need to arrive by 11:45 on Saturday.|We have 3 trains, TR0554 leaves at 09:35 and arrives at 9:52, would you like me to book you a trip?
That fits my schedule, yes please reserve 6 tickets for us, and let me know the reference number when you have it.|Okay, your all set! Reference number is Z34WGFK7. Cost of the tickets are 21.12 GBP payable at the station. Is there anything else today?
I also need to book a hotel as well, called the Lensfield hotel.|Sure, I can help you with that. How many people will be staying, and for how many nights?
A total of 6 people and for 2 nights starting on Saturday.|I'm sorry, that day is not available or you would need a shorter stay is there anything else I could do instead?
Could you try one night instead of two?|Booking was successful. Reference number is : C52VRAL6. Anything else?
That is wonderful. I think I am all set for now. Goodbye for now.|Can I interest you in a place to eat while you're town?  We have many great restaurants.  If you need reservations please let us know.  Goodbye.
I need help with a train to Cambridge.|What station do you wish to leave from?
I want to leave from birminham new street on Thursday.|There are 19 trains departing from Birmingham New Street to Cambridge, do you have a time preference in mind?
Yes, I need to leave Birmingham after 18:30.|There is no train leaving at that time.
Anytime after 18:30 will be fine, it doesn't have to be at that exact time.|the TR7285 leaves at 18:40 that day.
I would like to make reservations for 5 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 375.5 GBP payable at the station . the Reference number is : SU7BIOLW. is there anything else i can help you with?
Thanks! I'm also looking for a Chinese restaurant in the centre.|Do you have a price range in mind?
Um... no, not really.|I found 10 Chinese restaurants in the Centre with various price ranges. Would you like a recommendation?
Yes! What place would you recommend?|jinling noodle bar is located in the centre and is in the moderate price range. It will suit your needs. Can I make a booking for you?
Yes please. For 5 people on Thursday at 21:00. Can I get the reference number after you book it?|You are booked, the reference number is KA64ONYZ, is there anything else that I can assist with?
Thank you for all your help.|You are very welcome. Good day.
I am coming to cambridge and heard about a bed and breakfast called finches.|It is a lovely guesthouse on the west end boasting cheap prices and a 4 star rating! Would you like their address or phone number perhaps?
I actually would like to book the hotel for 7 people starting on Tuesday for 3 nights.|I was able to book your party of 7 at Finches bed and breakfast for 3 nights. Your reference number is 4R76GWVJ.  Can I help you with anything more today?
Can you also help me find a train on Fridya?|Of course. There are many available Friday. Where will you be traveling to and from?
I'll be departing from cambridge and going to norwich.|Is there a time you would like to arrive before?
Yes, I would like to arrive before 5:00 PM.|Train TR7747 leaves at 15:36 and arrives in Norwich at 16:55. Would you like me to book you tickets?
I apologize, I actually need to leave after 16:30|No problem, but I'm afraid there are no trains leaving after 16:30 and arriving by 17:00. Might I suggest TR7047, which leaves Cambridge at 16:36 and arrives in Norwich by 17:55?
Yes, that sounds great. Please book that for me.|OK, the booking for successful. The total is 17.6 GBP and the reference number is MIMOPEN1. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you, no that will be all.|Thank you for using our system today!
I need a train that leaves on monday from cambridge|Ok and what is your destination?
Norwich. I'd like to leave after 17:30|Okay, the TR6675 leaves at 17:36 and arrives by 18:55. Would you like me to book tickets?
Yes please book that for 5 people.|Your train tickets are booked, please retain reference number: YVHR5SZJ and the fee for the tickets is 88GBP, which you will be required to pay at the station. Anything else today?
I need a restaurant that serves catalan food and it should be in the west.|Unfortunately, I'm not finding any Catalan restaurants in the west. Would you like me to look in other areas?
Is there another high-end restaurant in the west area that you can recommend?|Are you looking for expensive food?
Yes, please.|Cocum is an expensive restaurant on the west part of town serving Indian food. Would you like more information or reserve a table?
I don't really like Indian food. Are there any expensive british restaurants in the west?|Yes, I have 2.  The Graffiti and Traveller's Rest.  Do you know which you would prefer?
I don't really have a preference. Which one would you recommend?|I would recommend the Travellers rest.  Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, I would like a table.|What day and time will you want a table?
the same group of people at 11:45 on the same day and I need the reference number|Your table is booked, ref#QMAI5KUQ. Can I help you with anything else today?
that's all thanks|excellent, have a great day!
I'm looking for a place to stay that is moderately priced and includes free parking.|Do you want to stay in a specific area of town? And would you be fine staying at a guesthouse?
I would like to stay in the centre of town. A guest house is fine.|It looks like we don't have anything moderately priced in the center of town. Would you like to try a different area?
Yes, how about the north?|we have quite a few when are you planning your stay?
Great. can you recommend one and book it for 3 nights coming in on friday. There will be 2 in my party|I was able to book the acorn guesthouse for 3 nights for 2. Reference number is EAFYZ0VC. The address is 154 chesterton road, phone 01223353888. Will you need anything else today?
Yes. I want to go from Cambridge to Peterborough by train.|There are 266 trains matching your query. What day will you be traveling?
I will travel Saturday after 17:45|Okay, I see 12 options here. Would you like me to reserve tickets for you?
Yes, please book the tickets and I need the reference number.|How many tickets will you need on this trip?
I will need 2 tickets please.|Okay, I reserved your tickets. The ref. is R9SEDNSD
Can I get the train ID and departure time for the one you chose?|The train id is TR7918 and it departs at 18:06. Is there anything else I can help with today?
No thanks, that is all.|Your welcome. Have a lovely trip and day!
Yes, I am looking for a concert hall in the south.  Can you help me find one?|Sorry, the only concert hall in town is the man on the moon, in the centre. Would you like a different area or a different type of attraction?
I would really like to stay in the south area.  Are there any entertainment attractions available in that area?|There is a cinema, two entertainment places, a museum, and a nightclub in the south.
The entertainment places sound fun. Could you provide me their postcodes?|Yes the postcode is cb17dy
Thank you for that.  Also, I need to book a train leaving from Cambridge.|I have several trains leaving from Cambridge.  What is your destination?
Sorry, I need to get to ely please.|ok what day
I need the train to leave on wednesday.|Do you have a preference for arrival time?
My preference is that it leaves Cambridge after 12:00, would that be possible?|Sure thing! The TR4346 departs from Cambridge at 13:50.  Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes if you can. I would like 6 tickets for that train.|Sure thing! I have booked six tickets for the train ID# TR4346 that departs from Cambridge at 13:50. Your reference number is ISIG3UQS. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I need.  Thanks.|You're welcome, have a great day.
I'm headed to broxbourne and need a train that leaves after 15:00|Where would you be departing from?
I will be leaving Cambridge.|On what day will you be leaving?
I will be leaving on saturday.|Okay, the TR8522 leaves at 15:01 and arrives at 16:01 and is 14.32 pounds per ticket.
Great! Can you book 2 tickets on that train, please?|Okay. Your booking was successful! Your reference number is CRJ5BQKH. Your total fee is 28.64 GBP which you can pay at the station.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a restaurant named efes restaurant.|Efes is a turkish restaurant in the city centre. It's in the moderate price range and the phone is 01223500005. Would you like me ot make a booking for you?
No that's okay.  I have 2 tickets  on TR8522 that leaves out of Cambridge  at 15:01 for 28.64 GBP reference number CRJ5BQKH.|Great.  Do you need anything else?
No thank you, that is everything.|Have a great day then.
Hi, I am planning a trip to Cambridge soon and could use some help with a train.|Sure, I can help you with that. Where are you departing from?
I will be departing from Ely.|I have 70 trains departing from Ely to Cambridge, what day are you planning to travel on?
Leaving on Monday after 9:15. I would like a booking for 3 people and the reference number as well.|There is a 9:35 that arrives at 9:52.  How does that sound?
That sounds great! I need to book that for three people.|Your reference number for TR2987 is 8QYPSGFH.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Could you also look up the hotel called Hobsons House?|Yes, the Hobsons House is a guesthouse in the west area. It's moderate in price with three stars. Would you like to make a booking?
I am looking for information on places to go in Cambridge.  Can you help with that?|I can help with that. Is there a particular area you're interested in?
What I'd really like is to find a swimmingpool.|Yes, there are 4 swimming pools that match those requirements. Is there a particular area you would like to go to?
Any area is fine. Which of the 4 swimming pools do you suggest?|I personally like Parkside Pools. It's in the center of town, on Gonville Place.
Can I get the postcode as well?|It is cb11ly. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train leaving after 11:00 on friday|There are 278 trains that meet that criteria. Would you like to narrow down your options by departure site, destination, or arrival time?
My destination is london kings cross|Where will you be departing from?
I am departing from Cambridge.|TR1502 arrives in london kings cross friday at 11:51. Would you like me to book you any seats?
Yes book for 8 people and I need a reference number|I have made that reservation and your reference number is 1702SDBO.
Thanks.  That was all I needed. Goodbye.|You're welcome, glad I could help.
I need to take a train from bishops stanford on Friday. Can I book one here?|Sure thing. Do you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
I want to arrive in Bishops Stanford by 09:45.|We have two trains arriving in bishops stortford on Friday by 09:45. Are you traveling there from Cambridge?
Yes. I need to book a reservation for 8 people, and will need the reference number|Okay, there are two different trains. The first leaves at 05:29 and the second leaves at 07:29.
Please book the one for 07:29.|Would you like a reference number?
Yes, please. And after that I'd like some help finding a boat attraction.|What side of town would you like to be on?
I want to go boating on the east side.|camboats is on the east side. Do you need the address or phone number?
Both please. Also I still need the restaurant reference number.|your reference number for the train tickets, id FZR1XMYY. I am sorry what else did you need? I'm sorry for my colleague
I also need information on a boat attraction on the east|I have one boat attraction on the east, it is called camboats. The price is not listed, would you like the phone number?
Yes, the phone number would be great.|Sure, the phone number for Camboats is 01223902112. Can I help with anything else?
What is the entrance fee please?|I'm afraid I don't have that information. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you so much for your time.|My pleasure, have a nice day.
I need to a train that goes to Cambridge, from Stansted Airport.|There are 133 trains traveling from Stansted Airport to Cambridge between Friday and Wednesday. What day did you want to travel?
i would like to travel friday around 2pm|The TR2819 fits the bill, would you like me to book you passage?
yes please and a reference number please thank you|Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : LQ076J6Z.
Did I mention I need two tickets? There are 2 of us. Sorry.|Not a problem. The reference number is BYTSKQJT, and the price is 20.2 GBP, payable at the station. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I also want to find a restaurant that serves Mediterranean food for a cheap price.  I'd like a reservation for 2 people that same day.|There is The Gardenia in the centre that meets your criteria. Would you like me to book it for you?
Sure, please book it for saturday at 17:15, for 2 people. And tell me the reference number|Alright I've made that booking they will hold the table for 15 minutes and the reference # is 0VES7LP4. Is there anything else i can help you with?
No, that's it. Thank you. Goodbye.|You're welcome, have a great time.
I want a train that leaves from Cambridge on Monday.|There are quite a few options available to you. Is there a specific destination you are looking for?
I am headed to Stevenage. I cannot get on the train until 14:45.|There are 5 options available. Is there a time that you would like to arrive by?
No, the first train leaving after 14:45  would be fine. I want to book tickets for 8 people.|I was able to book TR2045, reference number is 7OWLTI02.
Thanks. Can you look for a restaurant that serves british food. It sounds good.|There are 11 british restaurants to choose from. Is there a particular area you're interested in?
No certain area, but I'd like one in a moderate price range please.|We have 5 places listed that would meet your needs.  Would you like me to recommend one for you?
Yes, please. That would help me a lot. I would need to book a table at the one you recommend.|I would recommend The Copper Kettle located in the city centre. I can book that for you now if you'd like
Yes for 6. and I'll need the reference number.|I can do that but just need a date and time in order to book. When would you like to go?
Monday at 11:45 please.|You are booked and your reference number is 4AEEDA4Z. May I help you wirh anything else today?
That seems to be everything. Thank you for your help.|Perfect. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I am looking for a cheap room, free parking.|Alexander bed and breakfast is a cheap guesthouse in the centre of town.
I am looking for a hotel in the east.|I have 3 guesthouse in he east all with 4 stars, the allenbell, auumn house or leverton house. Would you like me to book one for you today?
Yes, the allenbell sounds good.|Okay, how long would you like me to make your reservation?
That won't be necessary. I just need to look for a train now.|Certainly, I can help you with that. Do you know what station you want to go to or leave from?
I would like to go from Stansted to Cambridge, please.|Do you have a preference for the day or the arrival time?
Yes the train should leave on Monday and arrive by 10:30.|Okay, I think TR3304 would be most suitable. It leaves Stansted Airport at 09:24 and arrives in Cambridge by 09.52. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes, please book six tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 60.59 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 6GY1YTLN.
Thank you that was all i needed|Is there nothing else you need?
No, good bye.|Thank you for using our system today!
I want a train going to london kings cross.|We have 70 trains that meet that criteria, what is your point of departure please?
I am  departing from cambridge.|Great! What day would you like to leave? Do you have any preferred times to leave and arrive by?
I would like to travel on monday and leave after 15:30.|There are four trains that depart every two hours. The earliest leaves at 17:70 and the last one leaves at 23:00. What's your preference?
Please book the 17:70 for 3 people.|Actually, the earliest train, TR7786 leaves Cambridge at 17:00 and arrives at 17:51. Should I go ahead a book this for 3 people?
Yes please it needs to be for three people.|I was able to book it, reference number is M9MIP9U1
Great, thanks! Also, can you tell me about the Worth House, please?|i am not sure is that a restaurant?
I didn't ask about a restaurant. I'm pretty sure that's a hotel.|Sorry about that. Worth House is a cheap guesthouse located in the north.
Yes I would like to book it for 2 nights from Saturday for 3 people please.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : 1HLAC0TN.
Thanks, that is all I need.|Have a great trip.
I'd like to find something fun to do in the center of town.|Sorry, there's no entertainment in the centre of town. Would you like me to check surrounding areas?
Are there any movie theaters?|There's one - Vue Cinema. They have no entrance fee and their phone number is 08712240240. Can I help with anything else today?
Can I get the address for the Cinema please?|The address is The Grafton Centre, East Road. Do you need any more information?
I am also looking for a train.|Where will you be departing from?
I need a train departing Cambridge that will arrive by 17:00.|I would be happy to help you find a train leaving Cambridge. In order to better help you can you let me know where you are traveling to, and what day you are looking to leave?
I am going to Norwich and I want to leave on Thursday.|TR1584 arrives by 10:55.  That should give you plenty of time.
Okay, can you please make a booking for 8 people?|Yes I was able to make a booking and your reference number is 2IFP2I1S.
Perfect! Can you also find me a restaurant?|What type of restaurant are you looking for?
Modern Eclectic please|I'm afraid I could not find a modern eclectic restaurant. Would you be interested in a gastropub?
No, but an expensive Mediterranean place in the center of town would work.|What price range? I have a few options for you.
Something in the upper range, over 20 a place.|There are two Mediterranean choices: la mimosa or shiraz restaurant. Which one do you prefer?
I've heard great things about La Mimosa.  Can you book a table for all of us at 10:00 on the day we arrive?|Table for 8 at La Mimosa on Thursday at 10:00. The restaurant will hold your table for up to 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : F56UFR10.
Thank you for booking that for me.|Have a nice day, goodbye!
I need a train that goes to Norwich.|Great. On which day will you be traveling?
I will be leaving on Sunday|Where will you be coming from?
I'll be leaving from cambridge. Is there a train that can get there before 17:15?|Yes, there is one that departs at 5:36 and arrives at 6:55 will that work?
That will work, can you book me seats for 7 and let me know the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 98.56 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : YGMYZLL2. anything else i can help you with?
I'm also looking for something to help kill some time on the west side of town. Do you have any recommendations?|Sure what type of attraction were you looking for?
I don't have a preference. You pick.|the lynne strover gallery is located at 23 high street, fen ditton. their phone number is 01223295264. the admission is free. would you like help with something else?
What type of attraction this?|It is a museum.
What is the postcode?|The postcode is cb30aq.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Great, thanks. You answered all my questions and were very helpful. Have a good day. Bye.|Happy to be of help. Goodbye.
Hi. I'm looking for a train coming from london liverpool street and arriving by 14:00.|What day will you be traveling on?
I'll be travelling on Thursday.|There is a train that leaves at 5:39.
That sounds great.  Can I book one seat for that train?|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : RQWKODYJ.  Is there anything else I can do to assist?
I'm also looking for information on a attraction called downing college.|Oh yes, Downing College. It is located in the centre of town on Regent Street and It is free to visit. Is there anything else I can help with?
I need their phone number.|That phone number is 01223334860.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks. That is all I need. Goodbye.|Thank you for using our service today.
Hello there! I need a train to Cambridge on Monday.|What is your departure city?
I will be departing from stansted airport.  Also, I need to arrive by 14:15.|Sure, TR3304 will get you in Cambridge by 9:52.  Can I book a seat for you?
Well, that's a little early, but it should work.  I'd like to make a booking for 7 people actually.|OK, I've booked 7 tickets, reference number CY29I3SC. The fee will be 70.70, payable at the station. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I am also looking for a multi sports in the centre of town.|I'm sorry but I don't see any multi sports in the centre of town. Is there another area of town I can check for you?
How about a museum?|Yes there are 11 in the area what kind of museum would you like?
Surprise me. I just need the address.|You should check out broughton house gallary, which is located at 98 king street.
Fantastic, thank you, that will be all.|You are welcome.  Have a nice day.  Bye.
I need a train from broxbourne on Tuesday.|I can definitely take care of that for you. Where are you heading to?
Travelling to Cambridge, I need to arrive by 14:45.|We have 9 such trips. Any preference on leaving?
No, but I need two tickets.|TR4537 has been booked for you. lt leaves at 07:32 and arrives at 08:32. The reference number is 8UMHY366.
Great. That's all I need. Thanks.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I am looking for the acorn guest house.|Ah, yes. The Acorn Guest House is moderately priced and located in the north. It has a 4 star rating and offers both free internet and parking.
Sounds perfect.  What is the phone number?|its phone number is 01223353888
Thank you.  Can you also find a train that leaves on sunday and departs from cambridge.|Where are you going to and what time would you like to leave?
I am leaving from cambridge and going to ely and I need to leave after 19:30.|The TR3544 leaves at 19:50 and arrives at 20:07. Would you like to book it?
yes book it for me please|How many people do you want to purchase tickets for?
I'm looking to book a train, if you could help me.|We can definitely help you with that. Where will you be departing from, and what is your destination?
depart from stevenage and should arrive by 15:30.|I can certainly look that up for you, what is your destination?
cambridge on teusday. book for 7 people and please  get me  reference number.|I was able to book on train TR9263  for Tuesday leaving at 05:54 and arriving at 06:43.  The total fee is 89.6 GBP and the reference number is 0QGD9JB5.
Thank you I also need to find a college to go to.|Okay, I found 18 colleges all over town. Is there a particular area you're interested in so I can narrow down your options?
Whichever you recommend is great|I recommend clare hall located at herschel road and has free entrance.
What part of town is it in?|Clare Hall is in the west part of town. Do you need more information?
Thank you! Can you please tell me the postcode?|The postcode is CB3 9AL. What else can I help you with?
That is everything thank you so much.|Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs?
Yes, you have. Thank you.|You are welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
You can help me by finding me an expensive restaurant in the centre|I have lots of options for you. Do you have a preferred food type?
Yes, I would like indian food please.|I'd recommend golden curry. Would you like to make a reservation?
No thanks, but could i get their postcode?|Their postcode is cb21dp. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you! I also would like information about a train, please, leaving Cambridge after 21:00.|Certainly. Where are you headed?
I am going to Leicester.|There is a 21:21 that will arrive by 23:06.  How does that sound?
Perfect. Can you get me 4 seats on that one?|Your reservation for 4 tickets on the TR3918 train is confirmed. Your Reference number is : VRW2PWD6.
Thank you for your help!|Anything else I can help you with today?
Nothing else, thank you. Have a great day.|You're welcome, have a great day!
I need to take a train to Cambridge after 09:30.|sure, what station are you leaving from?
I will be leaving from Ely.|Okay and what day would you like to travel?
I need to depart broxbourne and travel on monday please.|train TR2987 meets all your needs. Shall i book it for you ?
Yes, please for 8 people.|Great! Your train will leave Ely on Monday at 11:35 and arrive at 11:52. It has been booked for all 8 for a total fee of 35.2GBP, which is payable at the station. Your reference number, if needed, is PD2F8YMF.
I'm also looking for a recommendation on Mexican restaurants in the south.|I would recommend the Chiquito Restaurant Bar. Would you like to make a booking?
Not right now, but could I have the postcode?|The postcode is cb17dy. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you.|Thank you for using our service!
Hi, do you have any trains headed to Leicester from cambridge?|We do.  What day will you be travelling?
I'll be leaving on Tuesday after 13:30.|Sure thing.  I have TR1997 leaving Leicester on Tuesday at 14:21.  Should arrive by 16:06.  Would that work for you?  Otherwise, I have later options.
That would work for me, I need 5 tickets please.|Your reservation of 5 tickets on the TR1997 train was successful. Your Reference number is : 8PT9BIRG.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a great place to eat in the centre.|We have many restaurant options in the centre area. Is there a particular type of food you would like?
I would like a gastropub in the expensive price range.|would recommend the slug and lettuce, they are a very good gastropub, would you like me to book you?
Yes, please. I'd like to book for the same group of people on the same day at 10:30, if possible.|Okay I was able to do that for you and your reference number is M0YQSBT7.
Wonderful, that's everything I needed. Thanks so much.|My pleasure. We're here any time you need us. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
Are there any pricey russian restaurants in cambridge?|My system is not pulling up any expensive russian restaurants.  Would you like to try another cuisine or price range?
Yes I would like moderately priced European please.|How about Galleria at 33 Bridge Street?
No you know what. how about Indian food instead?|Yes what area would you like it to be in?
actually, i want indian food not european food.|In what area would you like the Indian food to be in?
I would like the Indian restaurant to be in the west.|I have the megha located at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton. Would you like reservations?
Yes can you please book a reservation for 3 people at 12:45 on Thursday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 3OO6S8AZ. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need train tickets for my group. I need it to leave by 8:30 from norwich to cambridge. same day please.|Alright I found you the TR3948 that leaves at 07:16. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. I'll need 3 tickets.|You are booked on TR2398. The total fee is 52.8 GBP. Your reference number is 7JQYREMA. Departs at 09:16 and arrives at 10:35. May I help with anything else?
That's all, thanks a lot man!   You were awesome!|You're welcome. May I assist you in any other way today?
No thank you, that was everything!|The Meghna is located at 205 Victoria Road in Chesterton. Would you like a reservation?
I'm sorry I don't know what you're talking about. I have gotten everything I need.|I am glad to have been assistance.
What museums can I visit in town?|The broughton  house gallery is a museum located in the center of town.
That sounds great.  Can you give me the area and phone number for that museum?|Sure, the phone number is 01223314960.  It is located in the centre area.
I also need a train that is leaving on Thursday going to Cambridge.|The TR2775 Leaves London Kings Cross Thursday at 5:17 and arrives in Cambridge 51 minutes later.  Does that work?
Yes as long as it arrives by 16:30 and I will be departing from Stevenage|TR2833 departs Stevenage at 13:54 on Thursday and arrives in Cambridge at 14:43. I can book a ticket, if you like.
ok, yeah get me a ticket|Okay, your ticket has been reserved. Your reference number is YOAVPYXH. Can I help you with anything else?
That will be all! Thank you!|You're welcome, have a great day.
I need a place to stay that is cheap.|There are several options to choose from.
I would like a guesthouse type of place with free parking.|We have nine, and all but two are four star rated establishments.
The star rating doesn't matter. Which one is the best?|The alexander bed and breakfast is in the centre. Its phone number is 01223525725
Hi, I need a train leaving Cambridge after 14:30.|There is a train leaving Cambridge for Birmingham New Street on Friday at 15:01 for 75.10 pounds. The trip will take 163 minutes.
Excellent.  Can you assist me in booking a ticket?|Certainly. Your reference number is KPFTA841.
Wait...I didn't specify how many people. Can I cancel KPFTA841?|Sure, how many tickets do you want?
I need it for 8 people|All right sir. I've booked it for eight people. Your reference number is ZN7ZX8O2.
Can you recommend a fun place to visit while I am in town?|One of my favorites is in the centre part of town and it's a museum called Scott Polar Museum.  It is free.  Is that of interest to you?
Yes could I please get the phone number?|Sure - their phone number is 01223336540.
That's all I need today.|Thank and enjoy !
I will. Thanks for your help!|thanks for inquiring with us
I haven't had German food in ages so please find me a place in the centre that serves it|I'm sorry, there aren't any German restaurants in the centre, would you like me to expand the search to other parts of town?
Sure, but please make sure there aren't any in the centre again too.|There aren't any options for German food for any area, I'm afraid. Would you like to try a different type of food?
is there one that serves italian food?|Yes, there is. What's your price range?
Expensive price range and I need a table for 7 at 13:00 on Thursday and the reference number.|your all set reference # is 79REVFJ1. anything else today?
Yes I'm looking for a train to Cambridge that same day.|Ok great. Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from kings Lynn.|and what time do you need to leave?
I just need to arrive by 10:30.|There are 5 trains that will get to Cambridge by 10:30. The earliest departs Kings Lynn at 05:11. The latest one leaves at 09:11.
The 9:11 one is cool. I need to book for 7 people. Can I make sure to get the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 68.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : H6VTWBV8.  What else can I do for you today?
Thank you, thats all i needed.|thanks for inquiring with us.
you're welcome, goodbye!|Goodbye and have a great day.
I am trying to book a train to peterborough. Can you help me?|There are many trains to peterborough. Can you tell me where you'll be leaving from and what day and time you're interested in traveling?
I am not sure what time I need to leave but has to be Saturday and depart from cambridge to arrive by 11:45|I can book you for an arrival by 11:24 and leaves at 10:34. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please book that for me please.|How many tickets would you like?
Just one of them please, can I get the reference number?|You're booked with 1 ticket on TR3596, departing cambridge at 10:34 on Saturday and arriving peterborough at 11:24. The reference number is F92QQR6F.
Thank You. I would also like to know about places to go?|There are several attractions. Is there a specific type of attraction or area you would like to go to?
Something that is for entertainment, cinemas, museums, theatres, please.|whipple museum of the history of science is a museum that has a free entrance fee and located in the centre.
Great. Would you be able to provide me with their phone number?|Yes sure. their telephone number is 01223330906.
What is the postal code for the Whipple Museum?|The postcode is cb23rh.
Thank you, that will be all I need for today.|Wonderful! Have a great day.
I'm interested in visiting colleges while in town, can you please recommend some?|I can recommend clare hall and christ's college.  You need phone numbers for either one?
I would like the post code for clare hall please.|Sure, that post code is cb39al. Can I further assist you?
Yes I also need a train to stansted airport on sunday|Sure. Where will you be departing from, and what time?
I am leaving from Cambridge. I would like to leave sometime after 18:00.|Okay the TR5009 leaves at 18:40.
That sounds great, do I call to book a seat or can you help me?|I would be more than happy to help you book! Tickets are 8.08 pounds. How many tickets would you like me to book for your trip?
Please book for 6 people.|Booking was successful, the fee is 48.48 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is 4ESBHTB0.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thanks. That's all I needed.|I'm glad I was able to help you. Thanks for using our service have a nice day.
Hi there. I could use some help finding a place to stay that is 4 star rated.|Could you be more specific, for example what is the price range you are looking for?
Price doesn't really matter.  I would like free parking though.|acorn guest house has 4-stars and has free parking. Would like to book it?
Yes, for 1 person for 5 nights starting on thursday.|I am sorry but Acorn Guest House is heavily booked. Do you want to book for another day or for a shorter stay?
What about 3 nights?|Booking was successful. Address is 154 chesterton road. Postcode cb41da. Reference number is: IOHUVGA1. Anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train.|Okay, I can help you with that! Where will you be departing from, and what is your destination?
I will be leaving cambridge headed to birmingham new street.|There are a lot of trains that go that route what day and time do you want to leave or arrive by?
I need to leave on Sunday after 16:00 please.|The first train departing Cambridge after 16:00 is the TR2776, leaving 16:01, arriving in Birmingham, New Street at 18:44. Would you like to book a seat on this one?
Yes, please! And I'll need the reference number.|The booking was successful. Your total is 60.08 GBP, payable at the station.  Your reference number is VFIRSFKS
Thank you very much for your help.|Ca I help you with anything else?
That will be everything, thank you.|I hope you enjoy your stay.  Have a good day.
Okay good bye.|Happy to help.
I want to go to a particular attraction called great saint mary's church. Where is it?|The great saint mary's church is in city centre, the entrance fee is 2 pounds. Would you like more information?
Please provide the address.|The address is Market Square and the postcode is cb23pq. Is there anything else I can find for you?
I also need a train leaving from cambridge and should leave after 13:45.|What is your destination and what day will you be leaving Cambridge?
I'd like the train for Saturday and I'm headed to London Liverpool Street, please.|great! the TR4466 leaves at 13:59!
I need to book that for 6 people.|I will work on booking this for you.
Please provide the reference number after booking is completed.|I will just a minute please
I need a train for Saturday at 13:00 and I will be traveling  from Cambridge to London kings cross. Please book it for 7 people.|You are all booked for the TR4003 train. Price is 132.16 GBP.  Reference number B02EELPU. Is there anything else i can help you with?
Yes, my apologies, but can you confirm that the TR4003 train leaves after 13:00?|It leaves right at 13:00. If you'd like to leave later, the next train departs at 15:00
The 13:00 train is perfect. Please book 7 tickets. Thanks.|It has been booked and your Reference number is: B02EELPU. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that is all. Thank you for the help.|Okay, thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I am looking for architectural spots to visit on my trip to Cambridge.  On the east side.|Well, unfortunately there are architectural attractions located in the east. Would you like to try a different area?
No, that's okay. Are there any Museums in the East instead?|I can recommend four different museums in the east area. How about Cambridge artworks? It is popular.
That sounds interesting.  What is the entrance fee for this museum?|The cambridge artworks is a free museum. Can I help you with anything else today?
Can you give me their phone number and postcode, please?|Absolutely. Their phone number is 01223902168 and they are in postcode cb13ef.
Excellent. I'm also looking for a train as well.|Certainly. Do you have a destination in mind?
Yes, I am looking to depart from London Kings Cross that should arrive in Cambridge by 15:00 and I need it for 3 people and will need the reference number.|I need to narrow the search down. What day will you be traveling?
On Monday please.|I was able to book you on TR3194 which leaves london kings cross at 13:17 and arrives Cambridge at 14:08. Reference R6KWX99C. Can I help with anything else?
Nope, that's everything. Thank you!|You're welcome, have a great day!
Hi, I'm looking for a place to go in  the centre part of town. Are there any interesting attractions?|There are quite a few architecture attractions in the centre part of town.
Can you recommend something for me?|All Saints church is located on Jesus Lane in the centre. It has free admission.
Can you give me the postcode?|The postcode is cb58bs.  Would you like the address or phone number also?
No, I'm sure it will be fine. But can you help me get a train from Birmingham New Street?|What is your destination?
I'll be heading into Cambridge on Friday, and I need to get there by 15:30.|It looks like TR7040 would be your best bet. You will arrive by 14:23. Would you like me to book the train for you?
Yes, I'd like two tickets, please.|Great. I've booked two tickets for the train, and your reference number is TNF2DMIQ. Can I help you with anything else today?
Nope I think that covers everything, thanks for being so helpful!|Okay great, have a good day.
I'm looking for a place to stay in Cambridge, moderate price for a hotel.|Are there any amenities that you are looking for? Parking? Internet?
I'd like free parking.|What area would you like to stay in?
I don't really have a preference for area. But I would like it to be a hotel rather than a guesthouse. And I would love free parking.|We have ashley hotel and lovell lodge, shall I book you for one of the two?
I need it for 7 people. 5 nights starting Sunday.|Which of the 2 hotels should I book for you?
How about the Ashley Hotel?|Booking was successful. Reference number is L1S8JNAC. Do you need anything else?
I am also looking for a train departing from stansted airport going to cambridge on sunday.  I need to leave after 19:30.|TR2021 is leaving at 20:24 would that work for you?
On Saturday I need a train that will arrive by 21:45.|Can you tell me where you will be departing from and heading to?
I will be leaving from Ely and going to london.|Would that be London Liverpool or London Kings Cross?
Either one is fine with me.|Are you sure you don't have a preference?
Yes I'm sure. I need to book that for 5 people.|We don't have any trains going from Ely to London Liverpool or London Kings Cross. Do you need anything else?
I need a train that arrives by 11:45 leaving from Ely. Can you help me?|What day will you be traveling?
I'm leaving on Wednesday.|Train TR5348 leaves at 05:35 and arrives at 5:52. Is that suitable for you?
Does it go to Cambridge?|Yes it does.
That's great. Can you make a booking for me for 5 people?|Booking for 5 people on TR5348 on wednesday at 05:35 going to cambridge was successful. I do not have reservation numbers at the moment. Cost is 4.40.
I will need the reference number please.|Booking was successful I will get you the reference number
Okay, I need that. Didn't they give you a reference number when you booked it?|I apologize for that. The booking number is OWXJ46II and the cost will be 22 GBP.
Thanks. Now please help me find a moderate guesthouse that offers wifi|There are 14 to choose from. Do you have a preference for area or star rating?
I'd like to stay in Cambridge, but no area or star rating preference. Just the free wifi. Any suggestions?|I recommend avalon, which is a 4 star lodging in the north.
Okay. Can you book that for me? It will be 5 of us staying there|Okay. I just need a little bit of information to book that. What day do you want to check in and for how many nights will you stay there?
I will be staying for 3 nights starting Wednesday.|Sure, your booking was successful. Reference number is 1E4YWFGS. Can I help with anything else?
That's all for now! Thank you, have a good day!|Your welcome. Have a lovely stay!
I need a train on Tuesday that arrives by 16:45.|Certainly, where is your place of departure and arrival?
I want to depart from London and arrive in Cambridge.|london kings cross or london liverpool street?
london liverpool street.|I have train TR1395 that leaves at 13:39 and will arrive in Cambridge by 15:07. Would that work for you? I would be happy to book your ticket.
For two people please. I will need the reference number. I also want to stay at the Lensfield hotel.|Your train booking was successful. You can pay the fee of 33.2 at the station. Your reference number is 14AXWO0V.
do you know the lensfield hotel? I need their phone # and how many stars do they currently have?|The lensfield is a 3 star hotel and the phone number is 01223355017. Would you like to make reservations there?
No thank you. That's all I need for now.|Ok. Enjoy your stay.
I need a train to Cambridge. I am currently at Birmingham New Street.|Sure, when do you want to leave?
Tuesday, I'd like to arrive by 14:00, please.|Train TR4931 leaves Tuesday at 10:40 and arrives by 13:23 in Cambridge. Would you like to book this train?
Yes, I would like to book for 3 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 225.3 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 8S88SBMF.
Great! Thanks so much! Can you also help me find a guesthouse?|Sure i will find you one and inform you as soon as possible
I need to find a place to stay. I want a hotel with free parking and free wifi.|I can do that. What area are you staying in, and what days?
I need the place to be a guesthouse.|sory can you teel as about star of the hotel and the place
Any guesthouse with free parking and free wifi will work. Could you tell me where one is and the # of stars?|I would recommend the Archway House, a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse on the north side at 82 arbury road. Would you be interested in making a reservation?
No but I am needing a train to stevenage.|On which day  will you be travelling?
We will travel on Friday.|There are 10 trains from Cambridge to Stevenage on Friday. They run every 2 hours, and the first one is at 5:21. What is your preference?
I'll need a train that arrives by 10:15 and book for 6 people.|Ok, I've booked booked passage for 6 on TR6334. Total price is 76.8 GBP. Reference number is 9H137NC2. Can I help with anything else?
No, you've been fantastic. Thanks for all your help!|Great, glad I could assist you. Have a good day!
I have to find a place to stay pretty quick.  It has to have free wifi so I can work.  Can you help me find something?|Yes, what is your price range and in what area would you like to stay?
I don't care where it is.  I just want a cheap guesthouse.|The AllenBell is in the east. Their number is 01223210353. Can I book that for you?
As long as it has free parking and internet that will be fine.|Yes it does have both free internet and parking.  Can I help you make a reservation?
Sure. Would you book that starting Friday for 3 nights for 7 people?|Unfortunately, I couldn't secure a room at a cheap guesthouse for those nights. Would you like to try a different price range?
Can you make the same reservation but for 2 nights instead of 3?|I was able to successfully book that room for 2 nights. Your reference number is K7TSORMC. Is there something else I can help you with?
Yes I need a train departing Cambridge that arrives by 17:30.|Sure, where will you be traveling to and what day?
I will be travelling to leicester and it should leave on sunday.|I can get you on the TR2-25, leaving at 5:21 and arriving at 07:06.
That sounds good, please book that for 7 people.|Thank you, I booked you 7 seats on TR2025 departing 05:21 and arriving 07:06. The cost is 211.67 GBP and your reference number is 5GWIPH95.
Thank you. That will be all.|Terrific, thanks for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
Hi there. Can you help me find a train leaving on Friday?|Please tell me what town are you departing from and what is your destination?
On Friday, I would like to arrive in Cambridge by 16:45.|There are over 100 trains available, could you please provide a departure location?
I would like to leave from london kings cross.|ok I have one leaving by 05:17, TR5219, would that be fine?
Do you have one that arrives a little closer to 16:45. I don't want to get in too early.|TR8842 will get you there at 16:08.  May I book it for you?
Yes, I need it for 8 people.  I'm also looking for a guesthouse type hotel with free parking in the moderate range.|Do you have a preference for the number of stars or the area?
May I have a reference number for that train, please?|Your reference number is RRNTTR7Z. We also have quite a few guesthouses, do you have an area you'd like?
For the guesthouse, do you have one in the moderate price range that includes free parking?|There are 12 options for moderately priced guesthouses, any area preference?
The area doesn't matter. I just need one with rooms available for 3 nights starting on Friday.|For how many people?
I need it to be for 2 people.|The Acorn Guest House on 154 Chesterton Road should be sufficient, shall I reserve a room for you now?
Yes, please, and I'll need the reference number.|I was unable to book that room for you. Can we try a shorter stay or a different place perhaps?
Sure, please try 2 nights.|The booking was still unsuccessful. Would you like to try a different day?
Could we please try a different hotel that is close to The Acorn Guest House?|I checked with all 7 guesthouses in the north and none are available for even a one day stay starting Friday.  Could we try a different day?
Well I guess I'm out of luck, unless there are hotels in adjoining towns I could try.|Sorry, we only work with places in cambridge.
I am so sorry, can we start over with the guesthouse?  I do need a moderate, but for 8 people.   Still arriving Friday for 3 nights.|I could not book a room for that number of nights on those days in that area.  Perhaps try a different area?
Please try 2 nights on Friday and see if that works.  For a guesthouse, please.|Your room is booked at acorn guest house for 8 people and 2 nights starting on Friday. Reference number is 3M1I4Q7S. Anything else I can help with?
No, that should be all I need.  Thanks for your help!|It was a pleasure being of service. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge and call again if you need any further assistance. Goodbye!
I'm looking for a train departing from cambridge going to birmingham new street.|What day and time would you like to travel?
Wednesday leaving after 21:00 please.|TR8873 leaves at 22:01 and arrives at 24:44. Would you like me to book?
For three people please. And can you give me the reference number?|Your total is 225.3 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 5AXU412R. Can I help with something else?
I would like to book a cheap hotel in the south area.|I have one called Rosa's Bed and Breakfast which is actually a guesthouse. Would you like to book that?
Yes please book me a reservations for 3 people at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast and find me the cheapest rate.|Yes how many nights will you be staying and when will you be arriving?
I will be there for 3 nights.|What day does your stay begin?
I would like it for wednesday|Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please, that would be great.|OK, your booking was successful. The reference number is UNV1RXY7. Can we help you with anything else?
Thank you! Yes, what is the star of the hotel please?|This is a four star hotel.
get me the address of the hotel and phone number|the address is 53 roseford road and the phone number is 01223512596
thanks a lot, that is enough for today|Please let us know if there is any way we can assist you in the future. Have a wonderful trip. Goodbye.
Can you help me book some train tickets?|Sure! Where are you departing from and what is your destination?
I am leaving from Cambridge.|I'll need to get some more information. Can you tell me your destination and when you will be travelling?
I am going to bishops stratford at 12:45 on thursday.|You would like to leave bishops stratford at 12:45?
Yes, on Thursday. Can you book me a train for 3 people please?|Okay the TR 2929 leaves at 11:29 and arrives at 12:07. Would you like me to book this?
Yes one ticket to hogwarts please?|Ah, sorry, unfortunately there are no trains leaving to Hogwarts after September 1st.
I am sorry, poor joke. I am leaving cambridge going to bishops storford, leaving after 12:45 on thursday, need 3 tickets and ref number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 30.29 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 2WI5Y9KV. Anything else I can do?
Yes I am looking for a place to stay that includes free wifi and is a guesthouse in the expensive price range with free parking as well.|There are no guesthouses that fit your needs. Would you like a hotel? There are several available.
How about one that is cheap?|There are several cheap guesthouses in all areas of Cambridge. Do you have an area preference?
I am not looking in any specific area. A cheap guesthouse with free wifi and parking would be great. Can you recommend one?|Absolutely! I recommend Autumn House. Would you like a reservation?
yes i would like a reservation. thank you.|I can help with that!  I just need to know your arrival date, the number of people that will be staying, and how many nights you'd like to stay.
Thanks, I need for 3 people for 2 nights. Arrival is on Tuesday.|Sure I have your reservation and the reference number is ZYSDXL09.
Thank you for all your help. That is all for now.|You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
I need a train departing from cambridge and arriving by 20:45.|What day are you traveling, and to which station?
I'll be traveling on wednesday, and I will be go to peterborough.|We have 30 such entries. Do you have a time you'd like to leave by?
Any time is fine as long as I can book for four people. I also need the reference number, please.|Alright. I booked your train leaving Cambridge at 19:34 and arriving in Peterborough at  20:24. The reference number is A8T38EJZ.
Thanks. I'm also looking for a hotel (not a guesthouse) with free wifi.|There are 9 different hotels that have free wifi that aren't guesthouses, do you have a price range in mind?
No particular price range but I would like it to be in the centre.|Cityroomz is a moderately priced hotel with internet. Would that work for you?
Yes that will work. Can I get the hotel's phone number?|Sure thing, their number is 01223304050. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that will be all, thank you for your help!|Okay. Call us back if you need me to book anything for you.
Thanks, have a good day.|You, too. Goodbye.
Hi. I need a train leaving from Cambridge anytime after 21:30.|Where do you want to go?
I want to go to Kings Lynn on Wednesday.|I have train TR2182 departing Wednesday at 22:11 and arriving in Kings Lynn at 22:58. Would that work for you?
Yes that sounds perfect, I will need 3 tickets and a reference number please.|I was able to book you 3 tickets for that train. Your reference number is NYP3RNM4. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a place to stay, preferably a guesthouse that includes free parking.|There are 21 guesthouses that offer free parking, did you have any other requirements?
Is it also in the cheap price range? Does it include free wifi?|I have 9 entries meeting all 3 requirements, are you looking for a certain part of the city?
No - could you please choose one for me? I don't like to stress out too much about travel arrangements.|Sure. The Alexander bed and breakfast is in the centre, and their phone number is 01223525725. Should I book you a room?
Yes, thank you.|I will need some more information to book a room, what day will you arrive, for how many people and how many nights?
I will be arriving Wednesday. We will need a room for 4 people.|Ok great I will book you a room for 4 people. How many nights would you like?
Let's just do one night for now. Can I cancel the reservation if I decide I don't need it?|You will have to contact the hotel directly to do that, do you still want to book the room?
No, thank you.  I am not ready to reserve quite yet.  Could you just tell me the postcode for The Alexander Bed and Breakfast?|The postcode is cb12de. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like to book the room and get the reference number please.|Ok. I am trying to book the hotel for 4 people for 1 night. You wanted the hotel for Wednesday night, right?
Actually I would just like the postcode and telephone number.|Sure.  The postcode is cb12de and the phone number is 01223525725.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that should do it, thanks!|We're happy to be of service. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Hi, I am looking for a train that goes to bishops stortford and departs from cambridge.|There are several trains on that route that run throughout the day. Do you know what day and time you'd like to travel?
I need to leave Sunday and arrive by 11:15.|There is no train leaving at 11:15, do you want to change to a different time.
I am looking for a train that ARRIVES at 11:15 and would like to book it for 5. I also need the reference number.|I've booked you on the TR9904. The price is 40.40 GBP that is payable at the station. Your reference number is 3MF59CSO. Is there anything else?
I am also looking for particular place called Pembroke College. Do you have any information about this place?|Sure, it is a college located in the centre area right on trumpington street. Would you like the phone number?
What is the entrance fee and address of pembroke college?|There is no entrance fee for Pembroke College.  The address is Trumpington Street.
Thank you very much, that will be all.|Well then, thank you for using our service. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a train to cambridge that leaves after 10:45|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from kings lynn on saturday.|TR7578 will leave at 11:11 and arrive at Cambridge at 11:58. Is that okay? Would you like to book a ticket right now?
That sounds great. I will need 7 tickets please!|All done! You will owe 54.88GBP at the station and your reference number is GLBNK5OD. Is there anything else I can help with?
I also need a place to stay in the centre of town n the moderate price range.|There is one hotel under that criteria by the name of cityroomz, would you like more information or a booking?
I'm looking for a 0 star hotel, does that fit the criteria?|Yes cityroomz is a zero star hotel.
Please book cityroomz for the 7 of us for Saturday for 4 nights, please.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : DIKDJE0U.
Thanks, I don't need anything else now! Bye!|Have a great stay!
I need a place for a modern european food. Moderate range ought to do it. Thank you.|I show three in the moderate price range. Two are in the centre and one is in the south. Do any of these work for you?
Yes, I need to reserve a table for 5 at 11:45 on Wednesday can you help me with that?|Alright, I have you booked at the Restaurant Alimentum on the southend. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is: 1PF64MM2.
Thank you. I also need a train to go to London Kings Cross on Saturday.|I have 10 trains available.  Do you have a time preference?
I want the train to arrive by 10:15. Just choose the first train on your list and book it for 5 people. Then send me a reference number to confirm|First I will need to know if your departure is from cambridge.
Yes it's from cambridge. Please make the booking and give me the reference number.|I have book for you for the 5:00 train for 5 people leaving cambridge on saturday. Your reference number is 9DCSEY8P and the total will be 94.4 GBP payable at the train station. Is there anything else I can help you with ?
No that's all I needed for today. Thanks.|You are welcome, have a great day.
I looking for a restaurant in centre.|dojo noodle bar is a nice restaurant in the centre of town, it serves asian oriental food.
Is that restaurant moderately priced?|What criteria are you searching for concerning dining?
I'm looking for a moderately priced European restaurant located near the centre?|great, i have 4 options for you to choose from!
Please make a suggestion and provide the postcode, address, and phone number.|The hotel du vin and bistro is my favorite. Address is 15 - 19 Trumpington Street cb21qa, phone 01223227330
I'm also looking for a train that leaves after 20:15 on Saturday.  I need to go to Kings Lynn from Cambridge please.  Do you have anything?|Yes, the TR6633 leaves at 21:11 and arrives by 21:58. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
yes please. book it for four people and send me the reference number.|Your train is booked, the total fee is 31.36 GBP payable at the station and   the reference number is : 63QMG2XO. May i help you with something else?
Would I be able to get a train from Cambridge to London King's Cross?|Sure!  What day will you be travelling?
I need to leave after 21:15 on saturday|TR0925 leaves cambridge at 21:00 and arrives in cambridge at 21:51. The price is 18.88 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes. Please book me 2 tickets and provide me a reference number.|Your reference number is VYR91INX. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a place to stay in the north. I'd like it to have a rating of 4 stars.|I have 8 different guesthouses in the north.  Do you have a preference on price?
No preference on price and it doesn't have to include parking.|I have the acorn guest house located at 154 chesterton road.
That works I think.|Would you like to book a reservation at this time?
Yes, I need it for 2 people, staying 3 nights, starting wednesday|Your hotel has been booked!
I need a hotel to stay in for the same group of people just for 1 night though, and a reference number too please|Sure, I adjusted that for you, your booking was successful and the ref number is RP2PZDYV.
Great, thank you!|welcome and have a great day
have a great day too|thanks for using our service.
I am coming to cambridge and need a hotel in the north area. Can you find me one?|Sure.  We have the Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge, both moderately priced.
Okay, thank you for your help. Goodbye.|Have a great day. Goodbye.
None.  Both parties hung up the phone.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Please consider us for your future travel needs?
Wait, before you go, can you give me the phone number and address of the Ashley Hotel? And do they have internet there?|The Ashley Hotel is located at 74 chesterton road with a postal code of cb41er and their phone number is 01223350059.
I would also like to book a train please.|I can certainly help you with that. Where are you departing from/going to and what times do you need to leave and arrive by
I'm going from Cambridge to London Kings Cross on Monday. I'd like to be there by 18:30 if possible.|TR7786 will get you there at 17:51.  Would you like me to book that for you?
Sounds perfect. Can I get 5 tickets please?|Definitely. Your are booked for 5 with a total of 118 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is VOU7M1EH.
Thank you.  That is all I needed.  Goodbye.|Glad to be able to help. Don't hesitate to get in touch if you need anything else.
I'm looking for a train to go to cambridge on tuesday.|I am happy to help with that. Can you tell me where you would be leaving from?
From London Kings Cross and I need it to leave after 18:15.|I have 3 trains available. They leave at 19:17, 21:17 and 23:17. Would you prefer one of those?
I'd like to book the 19:17 train for 8 please and need the reference number.|I was successfully able to book the 19:17 train for 8 people.  The total fee is 188.8 GBP payable at the station.  Your reference number is L0TQ4FD6.
I will also need a place to dine. I'm thinking something cheap, after that. Maybe Portuguese food?|There are two cheap Portuguese restaurants located in the city, the Nandos and Nandos City Centre. Would you like to book a table with either of these?
I would like to dine in the centre area, so let's go with Nandos City Centre.|Sure.  How many seats will you need to reserve for the restaurant?
I will need it for the same amount of people.|What time would you like to make your reservation?
I would like to dine at 21:00.|Will you be dining on Tuesday as well?
Yes.  Please reserve a table for 8 on tuesday at 21:00.  Also can you give me the reference number?|OK, I've got you booked with reference number W5J24TC2, they'll hold your table for 15 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you, that looks great. Have a good day.|Thank you, have a nice day, too.
Thanks for all the help. Goodbye.|Goodbye and enjoy the restaurant and trip!
I am looking for Williams art and antiques.|I was able to find it, what information would you like about it today?
I need the area and postcode, please.|Sure. It is located in the centre and their postcode is cb12lj.
Can I also get a train to broxbourne on friday?|Train TR7808 leaves 6:01 on Friday, is that suitable for you?
I need to depart from Cambridge after 16:00.|Okay, I also have TR5694 which leaves at 16:01 and arrives by 17:01. Would that work for you?
Yeah I think that'll work. Can you book me 6 seats on that one please?|Okay, I got that all booked for you. Six tickets is 107.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is 3NFAUXBY. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Great!  Thanks, that is all for now.  Have a great day!|Is there nothing else I can help with?
No thank you that takes care of it goodbye|Thank you for using our system.  Good bye.
Could you help me find a train? I am looking for one to take me to Cambridge and I need it to leave by 17:45 on Saturday.|Where are you departing from?
I am leaving from cambridge heading to norwich please.|TR7043 departs cambridge at 18:36 on Saturday, arriving in Norwich at 19:55. Would you like a ticket on this train?
Yes, that would be fine.|Would you just need 1 ticket or how many can I book for you?
I need to book the train for four people, and I'll need the reference number, please.|Booking was successful on train TR7043, the total fee is 56.32 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is EN27M17A. Can I help with anything else?
No. Thank you, you were very helpful.|I'm happy to help. Have a great day.
I am trying to book a train to broxbourne. Can you help me?|Yes I can. When will you be traveling?
I need to arrive by 15:00 on wednesday and depart from cambridge please.|TR8300 Departs at 05:01, would that work for you?
Yes - could you make a reservation for 3 people and provide me the reference number?|Three people are booked. The reference number is 9W4723ZW. The total fee is 53.7 GBP payable at the station. Do you need anything else?
Yes I am looking for a place to stay in the east that has a cheap price range.|We have 3 for you. All are guesthouses and located in the east. Allenbell, autumn house and leverton house. All have 4 stars and offer free wifi & parking.
Excellent. That's all I need thanks.|Are you sure I can't help you with a booking or more information about one of the hotels?
Actually, yes.  Can you give me the address and postcode for Autumn House?|The address is 710 newmarket road and the postal code is cb58rs. May I help you with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you.|Ok, if you need any further assistance, feel free to contact us again at any time. Have a wonderful day.
I am looking to book a train that departs from cambridge on saturday|Great! I have those trains up.  May I now get where you are traveling to?
I am goint to London Kings Cross and should arrive by 21:45.|Sure, I have a train arriving at 19:51 TR0427. Would you like to book it?
Yes, please. I need a booking for 4 people and will need the reference number.|I have booked your tickets. Your reference number is GW9K5282. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes, I am looking for places to go in the centre area.|We have many fine attractions in the center of town. Is there a particular type you're looking for?
I would like a mutilple sports attraction please.|Would a swimming pool work in its place?
Yes our family likes to swim!|Great! There is just one swimming facility in the central zone: Parkside Pools. Would you like their contact information?
Yes, please get me their entrance fee and postcode.|Their entrance fee is not in our system and they are in cb11ly
Thank you. That's all I need for today.|Have a great day.
Thanks, you, too.|You're welcome!  Bye!
Are there trains leaving Cambridge after 18:15?|Yes. Can you help me narrow down the choices with a day to leave and destination?
I'm looking for one that goes to Stevenage on Saturday.|I have a train leaving at 19:21 and arriving at 20:10, if that works.
Yes, can you book three tickets on it, please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 30.72 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : S74F7IZS.
Great! Can you help me find a cheap restaurant that serves the americas food?|I do not show any restaurants that fit that criteria. Do you have any other preferences?
I just need something with American food.|I have found Gourmet Burger Kitchen, they serve north American food, although they are expensive. Would you be interested in booking here?
No thank you, I am just gathering information for now|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can I have the address for the restaurant.|Absolutely!  The Gourmet Burger Kitchen is located on Regent Street.  Would you like the phone number?  Or anything else?
If there's no cheap American food restaurant, can you recommend a cheap restaurant that serves Chinese food?|Certainly, there's Charlie Chan in the centre area that serves cheap Chinese food. Would you like more information or to book it?
Hi. I am looking for information about a hotel called Home from home.|I can help with that. It is a guesthouse located in the north. They are moderately priced. It has a 4-star rating and offers free parking and wifi.
i would like to go there soon, so thank you for the information|You are welcome! Can I help you book that?
No, thanks. I do need to look for a train, too. Can you help me?|Yes, can you  tell where you are going and coming from please?
I need to leave from Cambridge and go to Broxbourne on Thursday.|Ok, how many tickets would you like?
I need tickets for 4 people. I need something that leaves after 10:45 as well.|We have many trains that match your request, is there a certain time you need to arrive by?
No any of them are fine. Please give me the reference number too.|I have booked your party of 4 on the TR3262 departing Cambridge for Broxbourne on Thursday at 11:01. Your reference is AGMKNY6Z. Can I help you more today?
No, thanks, that was all I needed.|You are welcome. Have a good day.
Hi, I'm trying to find a place to go in the centre. A college would be fun to visit!|Great!  I would be happy to help you find one.  Are you looking for one with free admission?
maybe, give me the address of one please|There are several college's in the centre.  How about Saint Catharine's College?  It is on King's Parade and has free admission.
Thank you. I also need a train to London Kings cross, arriving by 9|Where will you be departing from, and what day would you like to travel?
I'll be departing from Cambridge, and would like to leave on Tuesday.|I have train TR3343 arriving at london kings cross tuesday at 7:00.  Shall I book that for you?
Yes, I need 4 tickets please. Please send me the reference number.|Your tickets have been reserved, and just to clarify, that train departs at 07:00, and arrives in London, Kings Cross at 07:51. Wouldn't want you to miss the train! Ref#: AQDCG6N8
OK thank you that is all I needed today.|Have a nice day and thank you for contacting us.
Hi, I want to catch a train from Peterborough to Cambridge. Can you please tell me what the schedule is for the rout?|I would be happy to help. What day are you wanting to take the train?
I want to arrive by 15:45 on tuesday.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 3XNW24TQ.
Thank you goodbye|I'm sorry, the schedule for Tuesday shows TR0674 arriving at 15:38 in Cambridge. I will re-book. Is it one ticket you need?
Hi, I'm looking for a hotel by the name of Acorn Guest House.|Sure, what would you like to know about it?
I would like to know if it is available for 8 people for 4 nights starting Saturday|Booking was successful. Reference number is : ZZPP7K9D. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes please, can you help me find a train from Birmingham New Street to Cambridge on Friday?|Sure, what time would you like to leave?
I would like to leave after 12:30 and leave on Friday.|There are 12 trains matching your search. Will you be wanting me to book one for you?
Yeah, choose one and book it for 8 people. Then give me the reference number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 600.79 GBP payable at the station. Your on train number TR4431 and your reference number is FL53PCPE. Anything else today?
No, that's all for me! Thanks so much, goodbye!|Have a nice trip!
I'd like a train leaving after 11:30 from Cambridge, please.|Of course. What day would you like to leave and what is your final destination?
I am traveling on Tuesday and going to Ely.|The TR7458 departs at 11:50, would that suit you?
Yes that sounds good can you get me 5 tickets please?|Thank you good bye
Can you get me the reference number please?|Yes, the reference number is 8MJZIG5A.
Thanks!  I'm also looking for a hotel named the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.|The Huntingdon Marriott is an expensive, 4-star hotel in the west part of town. It's very nice. Would you like a room there?
Yes, 5 people for 5 nights starting Thursday.  Please book it for me.|Okay, I have those rooms booked for you. Your reference number is 1CPJSXZJ. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all for now.  Thanks|you are welcome, don't hesitate to contact me if you need anything else.
I need some information on traveling from Cambridge. I'd like to go to Ely by train.|There are 70 different trains to choose from.  What day would you like to travel?
I would like to arrive in ely by 17:30 on thursday please.|Train TR0996 arrives in Ely at 6:07 and costs 4.40 pounds per ticket.  Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes, can you book eight tickets please?|Got you the tickets. The total fee is 35.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is: 353TSC7M. Can I do you anything else?
I am also looking for places to go on the east side of town.  Can you give me suggestions?|I have about 10 different attractions. I have a park, swimming pool, museum, entertainment and a boating attraction. Which interests you?
I think I'd like to visit a museum, preferably on the east end of town.|There are 4 museums in the east. 3 have free admission and one is 5 pounds.
Any one will do. I just need the phone number.|You can reach the Cambridge Museum of Technology at 01223368650. They're five pounds to get in, but I think it's definitely worth it. Can I help with anything else?
That's it for today.  Thanks. You've been great!|Have a great day! Goodbye!
I am looking for places to go in town, preferably something with boats.|There are 4 boat attractions. What area of town would you like?
Not sure what area, but could you pick one for me and tell me the address and phone number?|Sure, Camboats is always a good bet. Their address is the plough, green end, fen ditton, and postcode is cb58sx. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I am looking for a train leaving Cambridge going to Norwich on Friday.|There are 19 trains from Cambridge to Norwich on Friday. Is there a particular time you'd like to leave or arrive?
I'd like to leave on Friday and arrive by 20:30.|Alright, you have plenty of options. The first train available leaves at 5:36, and they run every hour until 18:36. Would you like to book one of these trips?
Yes, I would like to book the one that arrives closest to 20:30.  I will need tickets for 6 people.|Booked! TR4093 is your train, reference number is 08QY408D. 105.6 is the total fee. It leaves at 18:36 and arrives at 19:55.
I have everything I need.|Excellent. Have a great rest of your day!
Thank you, you too.|Have a good day.
Can you find a train departing from Cambridge going to Kings Lynn? Thanks.|Absolutely! It looks like this is a 47 minute ride. What day and time are you looking to depart?
I want to leave after 21:00 on sunday.|I found a train for sunday after 21:00 leaving cambridge going to kings lynn. Would you like to book it?
Yes, please book it for 1 and send me a reference number.|The reference number is TVFAM55I.
I was hoping you can find me a museum in the centre.|There are 11 museums in the city centre. I recommend castle galleries. Can I help with anything else?
Which museum is located in the centre? Can you give me a phone number and address please?|Try the Broughton House Gallery, at 98 king street. Their phone number is 01223314960.
Yes I also need a train to Bishops Stortford leaving after 20:15|I can get some train options for you if you tell me what day you want to leave and where you want to leave from.
I need to leave on Saturday from Cambridge.|TR1159 will have you in bishops strotford by 22:07. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please book it for 6 people, and I need a reference number.|Okay, I've booked 6 train tickets for you. Your reference number is NW67NGNA. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope, you helped with everything I needed today. Thanks!|You're welcome, have a great day.
Please help me find a train from kings lynn to cambridge.|What day and time will you be departing?
Friday. I need to arrive by 11:30.|TR1612 will get you there by 9:58.  Plenty of time.
Ok, that sounds good. Can I please book 2 tickets? And I'll need a reference number, please.|Your reference number is RH4X9U1Z. Do you need anything else?
Yes, please.  I would like to visit a museum while I am in town.|How about the cambridge artworks?
Is it in the west?  I need something in that area.|If you'd like to be in the west, I recommend Cafe Jello Gallery.
Could I get the phone number and postcode of that museum?|Sure, the phone number is 01223312112. The post code is 	cb30af. Do you need any additional information about Cafe Jello Gallery?
Yes, may I have the address, too?|The address for Cafe Jello Gallery is 13 Magdalene Street. Would you like any more assistance today?
that is it i am good now thanks !|Awesome. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
You too, goodbye!|Be sure to ask if you need anything!
I'm looking for a multiple sports attraction in the area of center.|We currently do not show any locations that fit that criteria.  Would like me to look in a different area?
No, How about a swimming pool in that area?|Parkside Pools is located at Gonville Place.  I do not have the entrance fee available, but the phone number is 01223446100 and the postcode is cb11ly
Thank you for the phone number. Thanks for the help!|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for a train leaving friday.|There are 404 trains that day, what destinations do you need?
I am looking to depart cambridge, head to ely, and arrive by 18:30|Alright, there are seven trains that meet that requirement, starting at 5:50 and running once an hour every hour until 17:50. Would you like me to book any of these trips?
Yes, please book for 1 person the train that departs at 17:50.|Booking was successful for TR9933, the total fee is 4.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : P4U5T2N6.
Thank you for all your help.|You're welcome.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's everything I needed, thank you very much for your time!|Enjoy your trip!
Is there anything fun to see or do on the West end?|Cambridge offers many museums on the West end.  The Cafe Jello Gallery is one that looks fun. Would you like to know about more of them?
I just need the phone number, please.|The phone number for Cafe Jello Gallery is 01223312112. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I get a train arriving by 09:30 on wednesday?|Where will you be traveling to and from?
I need to go from cambridge to stevenage, please.|I have a train that arrives by 08:10.
Okay that will work. I need to book it for 7 people.|You have 7 tickets for the train, your reference # is: 9VEQHOIF. The fee is 89.6, pay at the station.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. That will be all|Great! Have a nice night!
I sure could use a nice hotel to stay in. Can you find me one in the east? I don't need free WiFi.|There are three cheap options in the east.  Leverton House, Autumn House, and Allenbell.  Would you like the phone number for any of them?
I am look for a hotel on the east with free parking.|The express by holiday inn cambridge is in the east with free parking and interenet. It is in the expensive price range. Would you like to reserve a room?
Is that a hotel?|Yes, that is a hotel. Should I make a booking for you?
Does it include free parking?|Yes it does. Would you like reservations?
how many stars?|It's a 2-star hotel.
That will be okay. Can you book that?|I'd be happy to book it for you! I just need to know what day you're arriving, how many nights you're staying, and the number of people in your party.
I don't need hotel reservations. I just need address, price range, star of the hotel.|It is a 2 star expensive hotel, their address is 15-17 Norman Way, Coldhams Business Park, phone number is 01223866800. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I need a train from cambridge to stevenage on wednesday.|What time would you like to travel?
We need to leave after 17:45.|When would you like to arrive by?
No preference just fine a train that leaves after 17:45.|I have train TR0609 leaving at 19:21 and arriving at 20:10.
Please book 3 seats and send the reference number.|the reference is LIB89A1W.
Thank you that is all I needed.|Have a nice day.
I need finding a Portuguese restaurant|Okay let's find one for you. I've got two in town. One's in the south and one is in the centre. Both are nandos locations.
I don't have a preference for location but it does need to be cheap.|Both restaurants are cheap, if you are interested in a more expensive restaurant would you like me to check a different type of food?
no, i want one of those two restaurants.|nandos is definitely going to be the cheapest. It's the south side and I can get you a reservation there if you want.
Yes, please set a reservation for me.|What day and time do you want to make the reservation? Also, how many people are in your party?
Please book a table for 8 people at 14:15 on Tuesday.|I will book that for you now.
Ok thank you for your help and I need a reference number|Your reference number is : CE5BU114. What else can I help you with?
I also need a train for Tuesday that arrives by 10:45.|Where will you be departing? And where is your destination?
i am leaving from norwich and going to cambridge.|I can put you on the tr0627 it will get there a little early at 9:55, how many tickets would you like?
same group of 8 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 140.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : BMSH4XDW. Anything else?
That is all thanks.|Do you need help finding attractions or booking a taxi? I can assist you.
No that is it. Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Hi. Please help me find a 4 star hotel to stay at.|I like acorn guest house.  Need me to book a room?
Yes, but I just want to make sure that it includes free parking and is in moderate price range.|Yes it has both of them,would you like to make a booking?
Yes.  Please book for 6 people for 2 nights starting Wednesday.|booking was successful. your  Reference number is : T49NV9KO
Thanks for settling the lodging. I also need a train to go to stansted airport which arrives by 12:00, please.|There are several possibilities for the train, I just need to know what day you need the ride booked for?
I'll be leaving from Cambridge on Friday.|There are 6 trains that match your query. Would you like to book any tickets?
Yes, please choose the first option and book it for 6 people. And do remember to give me the reference number for the reservation|Okay, your reservation is booked with reference number SD46UL0Q.
Great, that is all I need. Thank you.|I hope your trip is wonderful.
I am looking for a train from Cambridge leaving Monday.|Where would you like to travel to?
I want to go to Ely. I need to arrive by 15:45.|I can get you tickets for an arrival time at 14:07,that is the soonest, is that okay?
Yes. That's perfect. Can you book for 2 people?|Yes, I made a reservation for 2 people. The reference number is K9R2W1I6 and the total fee is 8.8 GBP payable at the station.
Great. Can you recommend a Concerthall to go to?|the man on the moon is a concert hall located in the centre part of town. would you like their address and their phone number?
Do you have any concert halls located in the west?|No, there are no concert hall on the west-side.
Is there one that is in the type of college?|Clare Hall is a college in the West with no entrance fee. Will that do?
Yes, that would work. Could I get the full address and phone details for Clare Hall please?|Yes, Clare Hall's address is herschel road and it's phone number is 01223332360.
That's all I need. Thank you.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Please remember us for all of your future travel needs.
I want a train that leaves after 10:30 and it needs to leave on Thursday.|There are many that leave that day after 10:30, where are you leaving from and headed?
I am leaving from Bishops Stortford and heading into Cambridge.|The earliest option would leave at 11:29. Shall I book it for you?
Yes, I need a booking for 5 people and please provide the reference number.|I have booked it here is the information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 50.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : R4CR5ASG.
Thank you. I am also looking for a moderately priced hotel in the East.|There aren't any moderately priced hotels in that region. Do you want to look for something else?
Yes try another area please.|We can consider a couple of options. There are moderately priced guesthouses in the east. The other consideration would be a moderately priced hotel in a different area.
guesthouses are fine if they are in the east. Do any of those have free parking and free wifi?|carolina bed and breakfast and warkworth house are both guesthouses in the east that have free internet and parking.
Alright, I'd like to book for 5 people and 2 nights on the same day as the train.|Your reservation for 5 people at Carolina Bed and Breakfast this Thursday for 3 days 2 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : BX36L29F.
Thank you, that's all I need today.|I hope you have a great stay.  Goodbye.
I need to know if there are any trains that go to Kings lynn?|Thre are many. When would you like to travel?
On Friday.  I want to leave in the evening after 19:45.|Tr3765 leaves Cambridge at 20:11.  Would you like some tickets?
Yes for two please.|Ok, I have your tickets for train TR3765 booked for you. The total fee is 19.6 GBP which is payable at the station. Your reference number is QK1CCHV5.
also looking for a place to dine,that is cheap and in the centre part of town|There are lots to choose from!  Is there a certain type of food you would like?
Asian Oriental food.|Dojo Noodle Bar ius a nice place, would you want me to book it for you?
Sounds delicious. Yes, for 13:45 on the same Friday for the two of us, please.|We have the 2 of you booked at Dojo Noodle Bar on that Friday at 1345. The reference number for your booking is R579XP9J.
Excellent, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!|Alright, have a wonderful time in Cambridge!
Can you help me find a train to Cambridge?|I sure can!  What day and times are you looking for?
I'll be coming in from Norwich on Friday. I'll need to leave after 11:30, please.|How about TR9900 that leaves at 05:16?
That sounds just like what I needed.  Can you please make a booking for 5 people?|Yes, I'd be more than happy to book TR9900 for 5 people.  Would you like a reference number?
Yes please give me the reference number|Give me one moment to complete the booking.
Did you complete the booking?  I need the reference number.|I apologize for the extended wait.  Your seats have been reserved.  Your reference # is LR5KLQWT.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great I'm also looking for a park to visit in the centre of town.|Okay. The only park in the centre is cambridge university botanic gardens. Their address is bateman street, postcode is cb21jf, phone number is 01223336265, and the entrance fee is 4 pounds.
That sounds great! Thanks for all your help; that's all I needed today. Goodbye!|You're welcome! Please contact us if you need additional assistance during your visit to Cambridge!
Can you help me find a train leaving on tuesday departing from cambridge?|and where would you like to go ?
I would like to go to Kings Lynn, please.|At what time will you be traveling?
I would like to arrive by 11:45.|Train# TR7548 leaves Cambridge at 10:11, arriving in Kings Lynn at 10:58. Would you like me to book your ticket?
Yes, please make a booking for 3 people.|Yes, the reservation is complete.  You can pay 29.4 GBP at the station.  The reference number is: GSD9FUA7.  Can I help you further?
I am looking for museum type attractions in the centre of town|I have found 11 museum attractions. Do you have a preference or would you like me to suggest one?
I would like one with free admission.|primavera has free admission. Their address is 10 king s parade
Thank you very much, that is all I'll need.|thanks you very much
you welcome and good bye|Good bye, enjoy your day.
Find me a train out of Cambridge to london kings cross|There are 70 results. Is there a certain day or time you'd like to leave?
I need it on Friday and it should arrive at London Kings Cross by 21:45.|TR1006 arrives at 19:51, would that work?
I guess that will work. Can you please make a booking for 3 people and when you are through may i also have the booking reference number.|Yes I have booked that for you and your reference number is E3M7QM9F.
i also need a place to dine.|Is there a particular cuisine or location that I can recommend for you?
Yes, British food in the West would be great!|Saint johns chop house serves british food in the west.
What is the phone number and postcode to Saint Johns Chop House?|01223353110 is the number.
May I have the postcode as well ?|Here you go cb30ad
Great, thanks very much, that's all I need!|You're welcome. Have a nice day!
I'm looking for a train out of cambridge on Saturday.|No problem! Where do you plan to go on Saturday?
I want to go to Kings Lynn.|Alright, when do you want to leave and arrive?
Arrival time is not important, but the train should leave after 14:30.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 7.84 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : QA65LM7A. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, thank you. Sounds good|Have a wonderful day.
i'm looking for a nightclub|I have a lot of nightclubs in the city center. Do you want me to recommend one to you?
Yes please. And can you tell me what area it's in and what the entrance fee is? And the address too, of course.|Sure! The Kambar is a nightclub located in the centre. The address is 1 Wheeler Street. The entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Thank you, I also need a train from london kings cross to cambridge.|Did you have a date or time in mind?
I need to travel saturday and get there by 14:45|TR5729 arrives by 14:08. Would you like a ticket?
I need 6 tickets and the reference number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 113.28 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : IHJSSXL2
Thanks for all the help!|I'm glad I was able to help. Thanks for using our service today.
I am looking for a very nice Thai restaurant in Cambridge.|I have 2 Thai restaurants in Cambridge, both are very expensive. I have one in West and the other in the Centre, do either of them sound good?
Please book a table for 15:45 on Thursday. I would like the thai restaurant in west cambridge.|How many people would you like a table booked for at Sala Thong?
7 people please.|Your reservation is booked. The reference number is L84LJ43R.
I also need to leave via train from cambridge after 9:15 on sunday, can you help me with that?|Sure!  Where will you be going?
I'll be heading to Broxbourne.|Alright, I see 14 trains here. Would you care for a booking?
I would like it booked and need the reference number.|Would train ID TR9580 leaving at 10:01 and arriving at 11:01 work for you? Would you like tickets for the same party of 7?
Yes, there are 7 of us who will be going.|I have you booked for 7 on that train, the reference number is PP68MYLF.
Great!! Thank you for all your help.|thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Hi! I need a train from London Liverpool street sometime after 19:30, please.|That should be no problem! What day are you traveling?
I would like to go this Saturday to Cambridge.|TR2361 will be departing london liverpool street Saturday at 21:39, there is also one an hour earlier. Would you like to book a ticket for one?
I'll take the 21:39, I'll need 7 tickets please.|Alright, your tickets have been booked and the reference number is ZI1RMKW7. Is there anything else I can do for you?
You have been very helpful. Thank you. Goodbye.|Thank you very much and have a nice day!
Can you please help me find a place to stay? I'm looking for an average priced place in a guesthouse style. Thankyou.|I like the acorn guest house.  Do you need me to book a room for you?
Does the Acorn Guest House have free wifi and is it located in the south?|No, it's in the north, would you like something in the south?
Yes, I would like something in the south. There will be 5 guests and will be needed for 5 nights, starting Saturday.|I have 2 guesthouses in the south moderate price range. both have parking and internet. I'd suggest aylesbray lodge guest house with 4 star rating. Shall I book it for you?
Hey planning on coming out there. Please suggest a train that would arrive in cambridge at 12:30!|Where will you be leaving from?
I will be leaving from Broxbourne.|There is a 09:32 that would arrive by 10:32 for 17.90 pounds.  Does that sound good?  There are other options if you'd like to leave later.
That works,  can you book seats for 4 on that and give me the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 71.59 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : BIBTGCNA. is there anything else i can help you with?
Do you have any suggestions for entertainment that are in town center?|We have lots of museums, architecture, and colleges. What would you be most interested in?
I would like a museum.|There are 11 in the centre is there a type of museum you'd like to visit? There are many art galleries and some science museums.
My first choice, actually, is not a museum, but an entertainment attraction. What type of entertainment attractions are available?|We don't have any in centre.  Maybe  a different part of town?
You know, on second thought a museum may be fun. Could you search listings for a museum in the centre?|There are 11 museum in the city centre. Is there a particular type of museum you're interested in? Art? Science?
Art sounds good. Let's try that.|Cambridge contemporary art is very edgy. The address is 6 trinity street, postcode cb21su, and it is free. Do you need more information?
No thank you that is all I needed today.|Enjoy your visit! Let us know if we can be of any more assistance.
Can you help me find a 4 star rated place to stay please?|Sure, I'd be happy to help with your request.  To help narrow down the results, what area and price range are you looking for?
Moderate price range.  Something with 4 stars.  Area doesn't really matter to me.|Archway House is a moderately priced guesthouse in the north with a 4-star rating. They offer free Internet and parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
Can you book for seven people for three nights starting from Friday?|Your reservations have been made.  Your reference number is A16QWFWX.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I'm also looking for a train to get to cambridge. I'll be departing from leicester.|i can help you with that! what day are you traveling?
Hi. Can you help me find a restaurant?|Sure! What restaurant are you looking for?
I'd like a restaurant in the centre in the moderate price range, what can you recommend?|Personally, I think the Yippee Noodle Bar is a lot of fun. They serve Asian Oriental.
Sounds good to me. Please book for one, 16:30 on Thursday.|Great your reservation was successful and your reference number is MXJRF0K1.
Thank you. I also need to find out about trains.|What is your destination and the day you will be traveling?
I would like to travel to Cambridge on Thursday.|Just so I can get you accurate information, what's your departure location and time?
I would like to depart from Peterborough on Thursday.  I am pretty open as to departure time, but need to arrive by 08:30.|I have the TR7094 which will get you there by 08:09, how many ticket please?
Just for one person please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : A9EBXB7W. Is there anything else you need today?
That is all I need. Good bye.|Thanks for letting us assist you! Have a great time!
I need to take a train to Stansted airport, arriving no later than 13:30.|Okay great! Where are you departing from?
I'll be departing from Cambridge.|I have train TR0188 that leaves at 12:40 and arrives at 13:08, will that work for you?
Does TR0188 leave on Tuesday?  I need a booking for 2 people on Tuesday.|I can go ahead and book that for you.
Yes, please book it.|Will you be needing a reference number?
Yes I will need the reference number.|OK, I actually booked you on TR7621. That's the 12:40 on Tuesday to Stansted. Your reference number is R14O2PJF.
I also need help finding a place to go. Are there any cinemas I could visit?|the vue cinema is in the city center. would you like to purchase tickets or know more?
All I need is the postcode.|Their postcode is  cb11ps.  Could I help you with anything else today?
No thank you.|Have a great day!  Goodbye!
I'm  looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the centre.|I have 44 results for attractions in the town centre, could you be more specific on what type of attraction you would like to visit?
Do you have any nightclubs?|Yes, there is a place called the Ballare nightclub. Does that interest you or do you want me to find something else?
Can I get their phone number and address please.|You can find the ballare at heidelberg gardens, lion yard. The phone number is 01223364222.
Great.  I also need train schedule information going from Cambridge to Birmingham New Street.|I would be happy to help with your request, but first I will need to know what day you will be travelling?
I want to leave on Thursday and arrive by 20:00.|Alright, when would you like to leave by?
It doesnt matter when I leave, as long as it arrives by 20:00. The booking should be for 8 people as well.|Great! I was able to get you 8 tickets for thursday. Your reference number is 8E1G3PPD. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that was everything I needed.  Thank you for your help.|You are welcome. Have a nice day.
You, as well. We can end the conversation now!|I'll take care of that right now. Bye!
Can I get some information on a train?|Sure!  I'll be glad to find some information for you if you could provide me with your destination choice and the day you would like to depart.
I want to leave from Cambridge after 08:30.|Sure, I can find that information for you.  Were will you be departing from?
I will departing from Cambridge and arriving in Stansted Airport. I need to find a train for Monday for 7 people to leave after 8:30 am.|There is no train available on Monday for this time. Would you like to change your departure time?
Hm, there really isn't anything leaving after 08:30? All day?|I'm sorry for the confusion, there are actually 16 trains to choose from. They depart every hour beginning at 08:40 through 23:40. Do you prefer an early departure time?
I would like an early train, yes. As close to 8:30 as possible. I need tickets for 7 people.|Okay, I got you 7 tickets on the train leaving at 8:40. Your reference number is KVV4HJSU
Cool. Now I will need somewhere to stay, moderately priced with 2 stars and free wifi|Sure thing, I found 2 hotels in the North matching that criteria. I recommend the Ashley hotel which offers free parking & WiFi. Would you like a reservation?
I sure would. Please book for the same number of people beginning on Friday for 3 nights Again, there are 7 of us.|I can't book it right now, do you want the phone number?
No. I need it booked. Please try again.|The booking was successful, reference number JVOL9ZA1. Can I help with something else?
no thanks you've been great!|Enjoy your stay in Cambridge! Good bye!
Hi, I'm looking for a place to eat, preferably a cheap South Indian restaurant.|Hi, kohinoor is a cheap Indian restaurant, but doesn't specify that it is South Indian. Would you like the phone number?
Is it in the centre of the city?|Yes, it is indeed in the centre. The phone number is 01223323639
Ok, thank you.|Would you like for me to book a table at Kohinoor for you?
Yes, please.  18:00 on Wednesday for just myself.|I'm sorry, they're all booked up at that time. Would you like to try a different time?
how about 17:00.|I was able to book that, your reference number is HEJFVRPP.
Great! I am also looking for a train that leaves on thursday and departs from cambridge.|What is your destination?
Destination is Stevenage.  I would like to arrive by 21:45.  Can you book the train for me as well?|There are 8 trains that will arrive by 21:45.  What time would you like to depart?
What's the last train to arrive by 21:45?|It would be the one leaving at 19:21 and arriving at 20:10. Shall I book it?
Yes, that would be great. Could I get a reference number please?|How many tickets do you need?
I need 1 ticket.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 12.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 5TM8STAM.
Thank you for the help, have a nice day.|It was a pleasure to serve you have a great day
Hello, I am looking for a place to stay that has 3 stars.|I can certainly help you with that! What area are you looking to stay in?
I would like a hotel in the south.|There is a hotel and a guesthouse available. Did you have a price range in mind?
I don't have a price range I just need it to be a hotel.|Ok, I can book you at the Lensfield Hotel.  What day will you be arriving?
I would like the hotel for 5 people for 3 nights starting on tuesday.|I can book the lensfield hotel on Tuesday for 5 people and 3 nights, is this alright?
Yes, that would be great.  Please send me the reference number, too.|Would another day or a shorter stay work?
If you can't book it for 3 nights we can try two instead.|I was able to successfully do 2 nights, your reference number is VH33JKKF.  Can I help with anything else?
No, that'll be everything. Thanks!|You are welcome. Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo. Goodbye.
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|You really should be including something to search for instead of a general statement, what do you want me to search for?
Wow, you are snippy for an Info centre! Perhaps a museum.|I apologize for my early snappiness.  I'd be happy to find a museum for you to visit while your here.  Is there a particular area of town you'd like?
No, I'd just like to visit a museum, could you recommend one to me?|I highly recommend the Lynne Strover Gallery in the west. They have free admission. They are located at 23 High Street, Fen Ditton.
Thanks! I also need a train to Peterborough on Saturday, please. I need to leave after 18:00.|can i book it for you?
Please, I'll need 3 tickets.|Where are you departing from?
I am leaving from Cambridge.|TR5194 arrives in peterborough at 17:56. Is that cutting it too close or would you like to book that one?
No, I need to leave Cambridge after 18:00.|I've booked 3 tickets on the TR2569 departing at 18:34.  The total is 39.59 GBP, payable at the station.  Reference# 6DX0OQTC.  Can I help with anything else?
No that is it. Thank you.|enjoy your stay in Cambridge have a lovely day
I need help with the train schedule, please.|I have almost 3,000 trains on schedule.   What is your preferred departure day and time and arrival day and time?
I would need a train leaving Cambridge and arriving in Peterborough on Thursday at 15:45.|We have the TR4274 arriving in Peterborough at 15:56. Does that work?
That would be great, can you book that for 6 people please?|Of course. So just to confirm before booking, you are looking to travel from cambridge to peterborough on thursday before 16:00?
Before 15:45, yes for 6 people. Please send me the reference number. I am also looking for a hotel called Acorn Guest House.|I have booked TR8531 which arrives at peterborough at 1524. The reference number is PDLPM33D and 99 GBP is payable at the station.
I also am looking for a particular hotel called acorn guest house|The Acorn guesthouse is located in the north and is moderately priced. It has a 4 star rating with free wifi and parking. Would you like to book here?
Yes. I need a booking for 6 people for 4 nights, starting on Sunday.|Okay, I have booked the Acorn Guesthouse for you, starting on Sunday, for 4 nights, for 6 people.  Your reference number is K69IOQ1Z.
Thank you for your help! How much was that booking at the Acorn Guesthouse?|I'm sorry but it does not say. I would suggest calling the hotel and providing them with your reference number to find out.
Thank you. Can you give me the phone number for the hotel please?|Sure, the phone number to Acorn Guest House is 01223353888. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thanks. That's all I need right now. Goodbye.|No problem! Thank you for your business and I hope we see you again. Take care!
I want to depart from Cambridge by train.|I can help with that, what day are you looking to depart on?
I would like to leave on Saturday.|And where will you be heading to?
I am going to Stansted Airport.|and what time do you want to leave or arrive?
I would like to leave after 13:00.|First train out after 13:00 is TR6193, leaving at 13:40. It's a 28-minute trip, and each ticket is 8.08GBP. Would you like to book passage?
Yes please.  I need 1 ticket.|Booking was successful Your reference number is TNU1H19G. Do you need assistance with anything else?
Yes please. I need an expensive restaurant located in the centre.|You have some great choices.  Do you have a preferred cuisine?
Not really, no. What's the address, postcode, and phone number for your favorite?|Oh well if your letting me decide then kymmoy serves the best asian oriental food! Phone is 01223311911 postcode is cb12as and they are at 100 Mill Rd City Centre
Thanks! That's all I needed today. Goodbye!|Have a nice day and thank you for calling.
I need a train from cambridge to broxbourne.|When would you like to travel?
Well, I would like to leave on Monday.|What time do you need to depart and arrive?
I want to arrive in broxbourne by 15:45.|The first train departs Cambridge for Broxbourne on Monday at 05:01 and arrives at 06:01. Would you like to book this train for 17.90 pounds?
yes, please. book for 1 person|Your Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station.  Your reference number is Q8BDX7AS.  Is there anything else I can assist with?
I would also like a place to go that is a  cinema and should be in the centre of town.|i have the vue cinema located at the grafton centre, east road. their phone number is 08712240240. is there anything else i could help you with?
That is all, thanks!|You're welcome! Have a good day!
I'm looking for a hotel with free parking in the north.|Yes, I can help you with that. What is your price range?
I would like a moderately priced hotel. Preferably a guesthouse.|How many stars would you like it to have?
That doesn't matter. Can you book a room for 4 people at your favorite? We'll arrive on Friday and stay for 3 nights.|I will go ahead and book you at the Archway House. Booking was successful. Reference number is : GJA79LYP. Is there anything else I can help you with today.
Yes I also need to find a train going to bishops stortford.|Could you tell me the day you will be traveling, and the time you would like to leave?
Yeah, we need to leave after 15:00 on Sunday from Cambridge.|TR3600 leaves Cambridge at 15:29 and arrives at bishops stortford at 16:07. Do you want to book this train?
Yeah, get me 4 tickets please and then tell me the reference number|Booked! Your reference number is ZQ7T3ROI. Anything else you'd like me to help with?
I am all taken care of now. Thank you! See ya!|Okay, goodbye and have a nice trip!
Can you help me find a train from kings lynn?|the next train from king lynn is Friday 5:11 to Cambridge
Do you have any that would arrive at 17:45, leaving tuesday instead?|Yes, there are 12 trains that fit that criteria. Do you have a desired departure time?
Whatever gets me there as close to 17:45 as possible. Can you book it for 7 people please? Reference number and train ID would also be lovely.|All booked! Your train ID is TR8177 and the reference number is ZDTM4B8N. You will be arriving at 16:58.
Thank you. I'm also looking for places to go in town. can you help me with that?|Sure, what are you interested in seeing?
I am looking for some type of entertainment.|There's the Funky Fun House on the east side of town, does that sound ok?
That sounds great, may I have the postcode, phone number and area of town it is in?|Funky fun house is located in the east side of town, address is 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate postcode cb58hy, phone 01223304705.  Is there anything else needed?
Thank you so much. That is all.|You're quite welcome. Have a good day!
I want to visit a concert hall. Are there any in the center of town?|I'm sorry there are none in the center of town. Would you like to try a different area?
I really wanted a concerthall in the centre area, are you certain there isn't one?|Actually, it looks like there is one named The Man on the Moon.  Would you like more information about it?
Yes, please. May I have the phone number, entrance fee, and post code?|They can be reached at 01223474144, postal code cb12lf and I do not have any information abotu the entrance fee. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes. I also need to find a train to birmingham new street please.|Where will you be leaving from?
I want to leave from Cambridge after 21:15 on Monday.|The TR7001 train leaves cambridge at 22:01. Would you like me to book that one for you?
Yes, please book for me.|How many seats will you be requiring?
Two people. Could I get a reference number too please?|Your tickets have been booked. Your reference number is EJN85NL3.
Thank you very much. That should be everything.|You are welcome. Enjoy your visit!  Let us know if we can help you in any way.
Hi, I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and I'm looking for places to visit in the centre.|There are churches, colleges, and museums.
I'm not sure which I'd like to visit, do you have any recommendations? Also, please let me know the entrance fee.|I recommend adc theatre. I am unsure of the entrance fee.
Is there anyway to find out the entrance fee? I will also need to book a train leaving stevenage leaving after 11:45.|You can call ADC Theatre at 01223300085 to find out the entrance fee. For the train, can you tell me the day you would like to travel?
I would like to travel on Sunday going to cambridge.|There are many trains that go to Cambridge on Sunday, where are you departing from?
I'll be leaving from stevenage|There is a train leaving Stevenage at 11:54 and arriving in Cambridge at 12:43 this Sunday. Would you like me to book this train?
Yes please, for 4 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 40.96 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : KY3BCCE0. Can I help you with anything else today?
No. That will be all for today. Thank you.|Have a great day.
Can you help me find a train leaving Tuesday from Norwich? Thanks.|I have about 19 different trains. Do you have a certain time you would like to leave after or arrive by?
I want to leave after 20:15.|At 20:16 a train leaves for Cambridge duration of which is 79 minutes.
I would like to making a booking for one please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : UK9225HY. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Hi, Im looking for a train that leaves on Sunday and arrives by 14:45.|Where are you traveling to and from?
I am leaving from Cambridge and headed to Bishops Strotford.|I have an available train to leave at 05:29.  How many people will be riding with you?
There will be 5 of us traveling, I would like to make a booking and will need a reference number please.|Your booking was successful. Reference number is Z7EQWZDC. The total fee is 40.4 GBP at the station.
I am also looking for a museum to visit on the west side!  Is there any?|We have 7 in the west actually. Do you want to narrow it down further?
I'll take the one on top of your list and may I have the phone number please?|Certainly, broughton house gallery, their phone number is 01223314960. May I help you with anything else?
That will be all for now, thank you.|Okay great. Thank you for calling!
I would like a train going to kings lynn.|The TR3112 will get you there by 05:58.  Will that work?
I don't want to leave until after 17:30.|Okay, there are many options for you to leave after 17:30 to Kings Lynn. Where are you departing from?
From Cambridge.|What day will you travel?
I'll be leaving on Tuesday|Great. There are several trains available. What time would you like to leave by?
I would like to leave after 17:30.|I can get you a ticket on TR9452 it will arrive by 18:58, how many tickets please?
I just need one ticket for myself. Can I get a reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 9.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : E9TVYR9Y. You are all set. Is there anything more I can help you with?
I am also looking for a hotel in the north with 4 stars and free parking.  I would like to book for 2 nights starting sunday.|Sounds like your in a hurry, lets find a place before booking.  Right now I see nothing that matches you search for hotel or guesthouse.
Oh no, that's not good! I really wanted them to book a hotel that matches my criteria. Oh well.|Ok don't worry i'm happy to help.   Can I try a different area or star rating?
How about a guesthouse instead?|There are no guest houses matching either.  Can we try a different star rating or area?
Yes that does sound good.|acorn guest house is in the north, it has a 4 star rating with free parking. Will this work for you?
book for the same number of people and 2 nights starting sunday|that was just for yourself, correct?
Yes 1 person please.|Ok you are booked at the Acorn Guesthouse for 2 days starting Sunday. Your reference number is WTCEQW. Will there be anything else?
That is all I need.|Fantastic! Enjoy your trip. Goodbye
I am looking for a hotel with a star of four with free wifi.|We have 21 hotels and guesthouses that match those requirements. Do location or price matter?
I would like a guesthouse.  Location and price aren't important.|Okay.  I would recommend the A and B Guest House on the east side of town.
Ok, please book for 4 nights beginning thursday for 2 people.  Thank you.|What day will you be checking in?
Oh before you book, please advise on whether they have free parking or not.|They do not have free parking but they do have free internet.
Well that does not work,can I get the phone number anyway?|their phone number is 01223315702. is that all?
and what area is it in?|It is in the east. Is there anything else you need?
Yes. I need a train leaving anytime after 17:45 in cambridge and going to stevenage on monday. 2 tickets and the ref would be great|Booking was successful, the total fee is 25.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : D4AK1SN3.
Ok, thank you. This is all the information I need right now.|I hope we were able to help you today.
I need to take a train going to cambridge on Thursday.|sure, where are you departing from?
I will be leaving from Kings Lynn.|Do you have a time you would like to travel?
I need to arrive by 12:15|I have a train that arrives by 11:58. May I book it for you?
Yes please for 6 people.|Okay.  I have booked your train for 6 people with a total fee of 58.8 GBP payable at the station.  Your reference number is RTP2BQMF.
Great! Thanks! I'm also looking for something to do in the centre of town, can you tell me what's in that area?|I have many options including architecture, cinemas, theaters and museums.
Whatever you recommend, I just need the name and entrance fee, if you will.|Let me see what I can find.
I am looking for a place to go in the centre. An attraction. Please tell me about some places.|Sorry, caught me napping. Old school is a great place for architecture, would you like more info?
Yes thanks.  That sounds great.  I am just interested in the entrance fee.|It is free! Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all for now.|No thank you that will be all
Hello, I'd like some information on a train departing from Cambridge on saturday.|I am sure I can help you with that.  Where will you be traveling to, and is there a special time you would like to depart?
I am going to stevenage on saturday.|At what time do you wish to depart or arrive?
The train should leave after 09:15.  I'm not particular on arrival time.|I have train TR7542 leaving at 9:21 and arriving at 10:10. Would you like to make reservations for that?
Yes please.  I will have a party of 7.  May I please get the reference number as well?|Yes, I will provide a reference number.
Can I have the reference number?|Your reference number is 3TX311FG.
Great. Can you find me a place to go in the west?|Is there a certain type of attraction you'd like?
I have no preference.  Can you just make a recommendation and provide the address, postcode, and phone number?|Clare Hall is a great college to visit. Their address is on Herschel Road. Postcode is cb39al. Their phone number is 01223332360.
Thank you for the information.|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That will be all for today! Thank you for the help!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Hi. Can you help me find a restaurant?|There are a lot of options in Cambridge. Can you please be more specific?
Are there any cheap options in the centre of town?|Yes, there are chinese, asian oriental, indian, italian, spanish, portuguese, modern europe, and mediterranean available.
Can I have the address? I am also looking for a train that leaves on Sunday to Cambridge.|We can take care of that too, but let's get your restaurant squared away first - in order to provide an address I'll need to know what type of cuisine?
Whichever one you think is best please.|I recommend the Dojo Noodle Bar. They're located at 40210 Millers Yard, City Centre.
excellent. I will need the train booked for 5 as well.|Where will you travel too and from?
to cambridge from broxbourne. i need to leave after 11;15 please|and what day will you be traveling on?
I will be traveling on Sunday.|We have 13 trains meeting your criteria. Do you have any idea how early you want to leave? The first train leaves at 11:32 and then every hour after that
The train should leave broxbourne after 11:15 so the 11:32 is a good choice. There are 5 of us traveling together. Please book.|It has been booked. You reference number is UCICW103.
Great. Thank you so much.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
Hello, have you heard of the Royal Spice Restaurant by chance?|I have! It serves indian food in the north part of town. Would you like more information?
Can you book it for 4 people at 13:15 on wednesday?|I have successfully booked you a table for 4 at 13:15.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  The reference number is PRXYMNLC.
Thanks so much. Could you also help me find a train, for that same day?|Sure. There are many trains that day, do you have a specific destination and departure time in mind?
The same day as the restaurant booking I am going to cambridge and need to arrive there by 09:30.|Okay, where would you like to leave from?
I would like to leave from Stevenage|I've got the TR8723 leaving Stevenage and arriving in Cambridge by 08:43.  Would that work?
yes that sounds great. Can I get a reference number for that please|How many tickets would you like me to book?
I would like you to book me four tickets.|I was able to book you 4 tickets on that train. Your reference number is Y381CZMK. Is there anything more I can help with?
I think you took care of everything. Thanks. Take care now. Bye bye.|You're quite welcome, have a lovely trip!
I'm looking for a place to stay that has 4 stars and includes free parking.|I can help you with that. Would you prefer a guest house or hotel?
I think I need it to be in the centre. I probably prefer a hotel if possible.|There is one available. The university arms hotel. It is expensive, is that okay?
Sure. I need a room for 4 people and 4 nights starting from thursday.|Your reservation at the university arms hotel for 5 days 4 nights for 4 people was successful. Your Reference number is : BW6K6IAR.
Thanks. Now that the hotel is set, I need to book a train for Thursday going to Peterborough.|I have 38 trains going to Peterborough on Thursday.  Will you be leaving from Cambridge and what time would you like to leave and arrive by?
Yes, I am leaving from Cambridge and I will need to arrive by 09:45 please|ok am booking for you one and send you the requirements
I'm looking for information about Sidney Sussex college.|Sure, it is located on Sidney Street, postcode cb23hu.  Admission is free and I would definitely recommend it to you.  Do you need to know anything else?
What area of the city is this in?|It is in the center. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks. I'm also looking for a train. It should depart from leicester and leave after 20:15.|Was that heading into Cambridge? And what day do you need that train?
Yes, heading for Cambridge on Thursday.|The earliest train after 20:15 is the TR2621 leaving at 21:09. Would you like me to reserve a seat for you?
That would be great, but I'll need to reserve 4 seats, actually.|I managed to book you for four on that train.  Your confirmation number is 0W0NYOLZ.  The total fee 151.19.
Great! We're all set. Thanks so much!|You're welcome!  I hope you enjoy your time here.  Goodbye!
I'm looking for a posh British restaurant to take my bird to, know of one?|Do you have any location in mind?
Any location is fine, Ill go with whatever you recommend, please book me for 7 people on monday at 11:00|A table has been booked for you at graffiti.
May I have the reference number?|The reference number is ABNPDU1B
I also need a train leaving on wednesday.|Where are you travelling to and at what time?
Departing from Cambridge and going to London Liverpool Street. Leaving Wednesday and want to arrive by 09:45.|I have two trains that will get you in by 9:45. What is the earliest you want to leave?
I would like the train that gets me there close to 9:45.|TR2835 will arrive by 09:27 how many tickets do you need for the train?
Oh, it's the same group of people from the restaurant. Can I get the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 116.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : XZCDEB01.
Thank you so much!|You're welcome. Do you need anything else today?
Nope, that'll be all for today. Thanks!|Thank you for calling and have a great trip! Goodbye.
I need a train departing from Stansted Airport on Friday.|Sure. Where are you traveling too and what time would you like to leave?
I need to arrive in Cambridge by 9:15.|I have 4 trains that will arrive by 9:15 in Cambridge. What time would you like to depart Stansted Airport?
No preference on departure time, but I will need to book for 5 people.|Reference number is : 1LD6SOW1. Anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for a college to visit in the centre of town.|There are several colleges in the centre.  May I suggest christ's college or downing college, both have free entrance fees.
what's the entrance fee for christ's college?|The admission is free.
Ok, thanks. Can I get the phone number and postcode as well?|Post code is cb23bu and phone number is 01223334900. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is everything thank you.|It was my pleasure to help. Have a good day.
Hi, I'm looking for a European restaurant.|The Eraina is an expensive European restaurant located at Free School Lane City Centre.
Is this actually located in the centre area?  I just want to make sure.|Yes it is located in the centre area, shall I reserve a table for you?
Yes.  Please reserve it for 5 people on Friday at 13:45.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : DJ7MZL41. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great. I'll also need to find a train out of cambridge. I need to leave sometime after 13:45.|May I get some more information from you to ensure we get you on the best train possible for you, the last bit of information I need is where you would like to arrive via train.
Of course, my destination will be stansted airport.|I have train TR1316, It arrives at 15:08. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, can you book it for 5 people and get me the reference number?|Unfortunately, I am unable to book it right now.
Oh. Could you please try again?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 50.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : GAF920N6. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No there is nothing else today. thanks, bye|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
I would like to see some attractions in the North, what do you have up there?|What kind would you like to see?
Can you recommend an attraction type?|There are three types available: boat, park, swimmingpool.
Let's go with the park. I'll need the postcode and phone number, please?|Okay the Milton Country Park post code is cb46az and phone number is 01223420060.
I am also looking for a train form cambridge to peterborough on wednesday that arrives by 19:15.|The TR8760 will arrive in peterborough at 18:56. Does that give you enough time?
Yes that would be great. Can you book that for me for 7 people please.|I can go ahead and book that for you.
Thank you. Can you tell me the reference number for the train booking please?|Booked! The fee is 115.5 GBP payable at the station. Reference number: QG3869DQ.
Great! Thanks very much for your help!|You're very welcome!
I'm looking for a train. The train should arrive by 16:00 and should leave on saturday.|Where will you be traveling to?
I am going to cambridge from Broxbourne.|The TR 1412 arrives at 15:32. Will this be okay?
Yes. Please book it for 1 person.|I booked your ticket, and your reference number is DBWTXCO1. Can I help further today?
No that's it! Thanks so much!|thanks again for choosing us
You have been helpful.  Good bye.|Thank you. Goodbye.
I need a train on Tuesday that goes to london kings cross.|There are ten trains on tuesday to that location. What time would you like to depart?
I want to leave by 19:30.|I have a train leaving Cambridge at 11:00 to go to London Kings Cross by 11:51, TR6925.  Does this sound acceptable?
Well I need it to leave after 19:30 and I would like to make a booking for 5 people on Tuesday and I will need a reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 118 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : MMHRON1T.
i am also looking for information about the hamilton lodge.|The hamilton lodge is a guesthouse in the north area. Would you like a booking?
Can you tell me if they have free internet?|They do indeed have free internet as well as free parking.
Ok.  Thanks.  All set.|Is there anything else I can get for you today?
No, that would be all for today. Thank you for all your help.|You are welcome, enjoy your stay.
I am looking for a restaurant called curry garden.|it is a restrant that serves indian food located in the centre
Can you book a table for one at 12:30 on Friday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 59R6SV6W.
Thank you for the reservation. I also need a train for the same day as the restaurant. A train which arrives by 8:00.|I have several trains available. Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Peterborough and arriving in Cambridge.|Thanks for the info, I found train ID TR8286 which departs at 6:48 and arrives by 7:38. Tickets cost 16.50 pounds. Would you like a reservation?
Yeah, just get 1 ticket please and tell me the reference number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.5 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : E6IHM34H, Any further questions?
Thank you so much. Have a great day.|Thank you, have a great day.
I need a train that leaves on friday and leaves after 10am|The TR1502 will leave Friday at 11:00, will this do?
Possibly.  Does it arrive in Cambridge from Kings Lynn?|I do have a train leaving at 10:11 from Kings Lynn and arriving in Cambridge at 10:58.  Will that work for you?
Yes, I need to book it for 8 people and I need the reference number.|OK. Your reference number is 5BB27IBR and the fee will be 78.40 GBP, payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for somewhere to go in the center of town. Something that involves multiple sports. Do you know of anything?|Unfortunately there is no place in the centre that is that attraction type. Would you like me to search another type or another area perhaps?
Yes, how about a swimming pool?|Yes there is a swimming pool, Parkside pools at Gonville Place. The phone number is 01223446100, is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need the postcode and address, please.|The address is gonville place, and cb11ly is the postcode.
That is all, thank you. Bye|It's been my pleasure. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
Hey there,  I am traveling to Cambridge and needing to see about booking a place to eat.  I am interested in Portuguese food and don't mine a more expensive menu.|Yes, we do have a couple of Portuguese restaurants, Nandos located in the south and Nandos City Centre located in the centre. Do you have a preference for the location?
I would like to go to Nandos in the south|Would you like reservations?  It is located at cambridge leisure park clifton way.
Can you give me the exact address?|I'm sorry that is the only address I have available to me. Would you like the phone number?
No thank you. I also need a train to cambridge.|Where are you traveling from?
I am traveling from Ely. The train should arrive by 19:00 and I would like to leave on Friday.|the TR2759 will arrive by 17:52. would you like a ticket?
Yes, I'd like two tickets.|Okay. The booking was successful! The total fee is 8.8 GBP which is payable at the station. Your reference number is HH0K9RFR.
That should be everything for me. Thank you so much for the help!|Have a great day!
Are there any guesthouses in the north area of town?|We have 11 guesthouses available.  Is it possible to narrow it down to price range or number of stars?
Yes I am looking for something in the expensive price range.|We have no guesthouses in the expensive range, are there any other ranges that you would be interested in.
Yes, what about guesthouse in the moderate price range?|There are 3 in the area you are looking for. The acorn guest house, the arbury lodge guesthouse, and the archway house. Would you like to know more?
I'd like some details on the Acorn Guest House please. What's the address, postcode, and phone number?|The address of the Acorn Guest House is 154 chesterton road. The postcode is cb41da and the phone number is 01223353888. Can I help you with anything else?
I am also looking for a train that leaves on Thursday from Cambridge.|I have 202 trains that match that description. Where are you headed?
I am headed to Leicester and it should leave after 13:45.|TR3780 will depart Cambridge at 14:21 and arrive in leicester by 16:06. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, I'll need 6 tickets. When you book it can you get me a reference number?|Certainly, your reference number is I1CM9WUT. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thank you. That is all at this time.|Have a great day. Goodbye.
Where can I find the galleria restaurant?|Sure.  The Galleria Restaurant is located at 33 Bridge Street.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Could you set up a reservation for 2, at 14:00 on Tuesday?|That reservation has been made. The reference number is E2JBIHKC.
Awesome. Now please find me a train from Kings Lynn to cambridge|What day will you travel?
I need it for Tuesday I want to arrive by 14:45.|Train TR9102 leaves at 5:11,would you like me to book it for you ?
Actually I need to arrive by 11:45, sorry.  What's the closest arriving to that time?|TR1704 arrives in Cambridge on Tuesday by 10:58, would you like to reserve a seat?
Yes, please book 2 tickets and then give me the reference number|The reference number for your train booking is HWIMEWD3. Anything else?
That is all for now. Thank you very much.|Great, it was my pleasure! Goodbye, until next time!
Hi, I'm looking for a train to Cambridge on Monday|May I ask where you are leaving from?
Sure.  I'm leaving from Kings Lynn sometime after 12:45 on Monday.  Do you have anything?|The earliest train after that time is TR4329. It leaves at 13:11 and arrives in Cambridge at 13:58. Would that work for you or would you like a later train?
That will work. Can you book 7 tickets for that one please?|Okay, you are booked for 7 people on TR4329, your reference number is S9WXSL0O.
Great I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant in the west part of town|I have several. What type of food are you looking for? I have British, Chinese, Indian and Gastropub food to choose from in this price range.
It should serve Italian food.|I have no Italian food available.
Ok no problem. Is there a place that serves Indian food instead?|Yes, there are 5 Indian restaurants in the west. May I recommend Tandoori Palace on Histon Road, Chesterton.
That sounds great. May I have the address and phone number for the Tandoori Palace, please?|Their address is 68 Histon Road Chesterton and the phone number is 01223506055. Will there be anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you. That is all that I need.|OK, thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
I need a train to leave from London's Cross.|What day would you like the train for?
I'd like it to be for Saturday.|I have a train that leaves London Kings Cross at 05:00 and arrives by 05:51 at a price of 18.88 pounds. Is that OK?
Yes, it is perfect. Thank you|I'm sorry I had that completely mixed up. There is a train leaving London Kings Cross at 5:17 and arriving in Cambridge at 6:08. Does that work?
Yes please book that and give me the reference number of the booking.|Yes I was able to book that and your reference number is XYVAABBJ. Cost of the ticket will be 18.88 pounds. Is there anything else?
No that will be all thank you.|Glad to help.  Have a nice day.  Good bye.
I want to book a train departing from bishops stortford.|What day and time do you want to leave bishops stortford?
I want to leave on Saturday, after 18:00|The first train leaving after 18:00 is TR7734 departing at 19:29 and arriving by 20:07 in Cambridge. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, could I book 8 tickets for that train?|I have 8 train tickets ready with a total of 64.64 GBP and your reference number is TXEB3LHO. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for an expensive place to eat near the centre area.|There are several restaurants in the area that meet your criteria.  What type of cuisine would you like?
Anywhere that has availability for 8 people at 21:00 on Saturday|Shall I try to book you at the Bedouin? It serves African cuisine.
ok, that sounds good.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 43DRAAAJ. Will that be all for today?
Yes that will be all. Thank you for all of your help!|Enjoy your trip and have a good day.
I am looking for a train to Petersborough.|I'm sorry there are no trains to petersborough.  Is there another location I can check for you?
No, I need a train from Cambridge to petersborough on Thursday.|There are 38 trains. What time do you want to leave or to arrive by, please?
I just need to leave by 08:30.|There is a 8:34 train to Peterborough on Thursday. I would arrive at 9:24.
Yes that would be fine please book for 6 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 99 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 0ZN13UIU
Thank you that is all I needed today.|You're very welcome! Have a great day & enjoy your trip!
Yes, I need a train for wednesday arriving at 14:45.|I have train TR3634 leaving cambridge and arriving london kings cross at 13:51.  Will that work for you?
I need the train to go to cambridge and leave from stansted airport.|I reserved a seat for you on the 05:24 train. Your reference number is9BQT5T9M. Your ticket of 10.1 GBP is payable when you get to the station.
Great, that's all I needed. Thank you!|Thank you and enjoy your visit to cambridge!
I need a train from Stansted Airport to Cambridge, arriving by 14:45 on Wednesday, please...|Sorry about all that confusion. I think I've found you a train. TR3720 is the closest in time, leaving the airport 13:24, arriving Cambridge 13:52. Would you like a seat reserved?
Yes, I'd like to book for three people please.|I've booked you 3 seats on the TR3720 with a total fee of 30.29 GBP which is payable at the station. The reference number is Y3ATC2SJ.
Thank you. Im also looking for a hotel in the north in the moderate price range.|Ashley hotel is available, would that work for you?
Sure, can you book it for 2 nights and 3 people?|Booking was successful, you reference number is DEMBOPOR, can I assist with anything else?
No that is everything I need today. Thank you.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I am looking for a train from norwich on monday.|I found 19 trains that match your request. Where is your destination?
The train should leave after 17:00 and should go to cambridge.|How about TR7514 that leaves at 17:16 on Monday?
That would be perfect. Could you book it for 6 people and provide me a reference number?|I've booked 6 tickets, the fee is 105.6 and the reference number is 4REIIUM5.
Thank you for your help.|You are welcome. Can I assist with anything else today?
No that is all. Thanks, goodbye.|Thank you, goodbye
I am looking for a train that leaves Saturday going to ely, do you have a train with those details?|There are 10 trains on Saturday that go to Ely from Cambridge. What time do you need to leave or arrive, and how many tickets do you need?
I need to arrive by 13:00.|There is one train that arrives at 12:07. That trainID isTR0718.
I need a booking for 4 people.|I've done that. The price will be 14.08 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is IR7HSMG4. Any else I can do for you?
No, that will be all|Thank you, you have been very helpful.
I am looking to visit a museum in Cambridge.|There are 23 museums in Cambridge, can you tell me an area you are wanting to visit the museum in?
How about in the centre of town? Whats available there?|I have many options. Are you perchance able to narrow it own by museum type
No, anything that you would recommend would be great.  I just need a phone number that I can call.|Broughton house gallery	looks good their number is 01223314960
Thank you. I'm also looking for a train from london kings cross to cambridge on wednesday to arrive by 8:15. Is there anything available then?|TR5725 departs at 05:17 and arrives at 06:08 so you will have plenty of time. Would you like me to book that for you?
That sounds great. Please book for 5 people.|I got you booked for 5 people then on TR5725. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. thank you for making the train reservations|You're welcome have a great day!
Thank you, have a nice day as well.|You're quite welcome. Enjoy Cambridge!
I want a place to eat in the west.|Do you have a particular type of food in mind?
I have a taste for something British.|Ok, there are three options in that area. Do you have a certain price range?
I want the most expensive one.|There's Graffiti and Travellers Rest. Which one of the two restaurants do you like?
Travellers Rest sounds good please make a booking for 2 people at 17:00 on sunday.|Your table for 2 has been reserved at Travellers Rest and your reference number is BSEJZQE6. They'll hold the table for 15 minutes past 17:00. Need anything else today?
I also need a train. Leaving Cambridge on Monday.|OK, where are you headed and at what time of day?
i want to go to stevenage|There are several trains going to stevenage on Monday, do you have a time preference?
I would like to get there by 21:30.|Okay, we have train's leaving at 05:21 and every hour after for seven hours. Would you like to book one?
Just book one that will get me to Stevenage by 21:30 please.  2 Tickets, just like dinner.|Your tickets are booked for train TR9082. The total fee is 25.6 GBP. Your reference number is WSUH42EM. Is there anything else?
Thank you for the booking and reference number. I'll let you know if I need anything else.|it was my pleasure to help. goodbye.
Hi, I am hoping to find a 4 star hotel room.  Can you recommend one for me?|Yes, what area would you like to stay in?
Don't care. but I'd like a place that's Moderately priced and offers free WiFi.|There is the Acorn guesthouse in the moderate price range and 4  stars. It also has free wifi and parking.
Great, let's book that one. Please send me the address, postcode and reference number.|How many people would you like it booked for and for what days please?
5 people starting on Sunday.|How many days do you plan on staying?
5 nights, please.|It's booked and your reference number is LFE8G8CE. The address is 154 chesterton road and postcode is cb41da. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes I also need a train that leavers after 12:00 going to ely.|Where will you be departing from?
East London. Thanks|There is no train leaving 12:00, but train TR5484 leave 13:50 do you want to adjust your time?
Sure. Please book five tickets for me and reply with the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 22 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : BUBQRD4R.
That is all I need, good bye.|Enjoy your visit.  Please give us a call if you need further assistance.
I'd love to get some information on the holy trinity church|The Holy Trinity Church is architecture, in the Centre of town, on Market Street. Entrance is free. Do you want any more information?
Can you provide me with the hours of operation and the entrance fee?|I'm not sure on their hours, but it is free admission. Would you like their number?
Yes that will be fine.  I am also looking for a train leaving Cambridge on Friday.|Phone 01223355397. What is your destination on friday? Is there a specific departure and arrival time?
I'm looking for a place to eat.|Sure! Did you have a type of food in mind?
I would like Americas food.|OK, the gourmet burger kitchen	is a north american restaurant.
Is the Gourmet Burger Kitchen located in the centre of town?|Yes it is. Could you like a reservation?
Yes, please. Thursday at 20:00 would be ideal. There are 5 of us.|Your reservation is complete. Table for 5 on Thursday at 20:00.  Your reference number is WXIAOK8F. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train on Thursday heading to Cambridge.|Ok.  Where will you be departing from?
Norwich. I need to get to Cambridge by 12:30.|TR6655 leaves Norwich at 10:16 and arrives at Cambridge at 11:35. Do you want me to book this train?
Yes, please book tickets for 5 people and send me the reference number|The booking was successful and the reference number is 35C0PZCY.
Thank you for your time.|Your are welcome, enjoy your stay in Cambridge
I am looking for a Chinese restaurant in the cheap price range.|There are 3 restaurants in centre and one in south. Which area are you most interested in?
Let's try the one in the south. Are there openings on Tuesday?|I would need to know what time and for how many people in order to check on Tuesday's availability.
It will be at 15:30 on Tuesday and there will be 4 people.|I was unable to book. Do you want to book another timeslot?
How about 14:30 instead?|Booking was successful to dine at the Lucky Star. Table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Your reference number is : M0OW1EI5.  Anything Else?
Yes I am also looking for a train that leaves on wednesday after 08:30 that departs from cambridge and goes to kings lynn.|The earliest train after 8:30 would be the TR2831, departing at 09:11 and arriving in Kings Lynn at 09:58. Would you like to book a seat on that train?
Yes, I need four tickets please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 9NZ8A7WM. May I help you further?
No that is all.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
I'm looking for a train from Ely to Cambridge. Do you have any?|Yes, there are quite a few.  Is there a day and time you would like to travel?
Yes, leaving on Sunday at 10:00 AM|The best time matching your criteria is a departure from Ely at 11:35. Will that do?
I'm sorry, my travel day is actually Thursday, not Sunday. I need to arrive by 14:45.|I have a train TR4068 leaving at 5:35 and arriving at 5:52. Would you like to make reservations?
Yes, please make reservations.|Your reference number is : MUBTUUTM. Can I help with anything else?
Did you book for 5 people? Is there a train that arrives closer to but before 14:45? Thanks.|I apologize about that. The closest I can get you there is on train TR4992 which will arrive at 13:52. Would you like me to book it for 5 people?
yes with reference number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 22 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : IPO23Y22. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like to find a cheap mediterranean restaurant in the centre|There is one matching result. It is the gardenia. Do you want me to book something there?
yes please, for 5 people at 20:15 on Thursday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : HWJS11KB. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you that will be all.|Thank you for using our services.
I'm looking for a place to stay. It needs to be in the north but it doesn't have to have free parking.|What is your price range?
I am looking for a cheap 4 star hotel on the north.|Worth house is a cheap guesthouse in the North. Will that do?
Yes. Is there on in the moderate price range as well? To compare.|Sure thing! There are seven 4 star moderately priced guesthouses in the north. maybe you would like to book on of these
Can you pick your favorite and book a room for me? There will be 8 people, and we'll arrive on Thursday and spend 3 nights.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : RI83HXK1. do you need information about the hotel?
No, but I need to find a train. I'm looking to travel on Friday to London Liverpool Street. Can you help?|No thanks a lot it is enough
Can you find me a train from Stansted Airport?|There are plenty of options.  Where will you be arriving and do you have a time preference?
I don't care when I arrive, but I need to leave after 10:00.|Not a problem. Any day in particular?
Yes. Wednesday please.|TR0467 leaves the airport at 10:24. Would you like tickets for that train?
Yes, for five please.|I have successfully make a booking for 5 on that train.
Can I have the reference number please?  I'm also looking for some places to go, maybe a college in the west.|Queen's college is an excellent choice.
Sounds great. Can I get their postcode please?|The postcode for Queen's College is cb39et. And the reference number for your train (booked earlier) is WMUC700A.
Perfect, thanks so much for your help.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No that is everything. Have a good day.|Alright, thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre! Have a good day.
I am looking for a place for a restaurant called anatolia. Can you help me?|Anatolia is a moderately priced Turkish restaurant in the city centre.
Thank you. What is the post code?|The post code is cb21uj. Would you like me to book a table for you?
No but I do need help finding a train leaving Kings Cross after 15:45.|Okay what day would you like to leave?
The train should go to cambridge and should leave on sunday.|I found 4 trains departing Kings Cross, heading to Cambridge after 15:45 on Sunday. What time would you like to depart?
I have no preference. I just need to book one of those for 4 people.|OK, you have 4 seats reserved on TR2952, reference #J5O3AMV7. Can I help you with anything else today?
No that will be all.  Thank you|Perfect. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Enjoy the rest of your day.
I need to find out if there's a train going to stansted airport that leaves after 12:30.|We have a train leaving on Friday by 12:40 from Cambridge to Stansted airpot but we need to know your departure point and date of departure to serve you better
Yes I will be leaving on Tuesday.|When would you like to arrive by?
Tuesday would be ideal for me.|The best fit for you from the search list is the 12:40 train leaving cambridge on Tuesday to arrive stansted airport by 13:03.
That works, may I please have the reference number?|Actually, it will arrive by 13:08. Does that work for you?
Yes. I need it for 8 people.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is 2QS7T2UC. Do you need anything else?
Great I also need to stay at the University Arms Hotel|Okay I can help with that! What day would you like to check in and how long will you be staying?
Hello, I'd like some information on a restaurant today.|I can help you with that, do you have a certain place in mind today? Or would you like to search in a specific area?
I'm looking for a Japanese place in the centre of town.|I have one listing for wagamama, will that be okay today?
How expensive is it?|It is expensive range in price.
Great, please book a table for 7 people at 15:15 on Friday.|I was able to book your table for 7 for Friday at 15:15. The Reference number is : INI5O0N5.
Okay, I also need a train to get to norwich.|What day will you travel?
I'll be leaving Cambridge on Saturday after 13:45.  I''ll be heading to Norwich. Do you have anything for me?|Yes, there are 10 trains that would work. They run every hour starting at 14:36. When would you like to arrive in Norwich?
It doesn't matter when I arrive as long as I leave after 14:35 from cambridge on saturday. And I'll want to book the train for the same group of people.|I have booked you a train leaving at 14:36. The cost is 112.64 GBP. Reference number MB0PZVMJ. How would you like to pay?
I'll pay at the station. Well that's it for me today. Thanks for all your help! G'bye :)|Thank you for contacting us have a nice day.
I'd like some places to go.  Some sort of entertainment.|There are 5 places all in the east, south, and west. Which of those areas would you prefer?
I prefer the centre area.  What do you have for places to go?  Type of college maybe?|There are 13 colleges in the centre area. Many of them are free - I would suggest King's College or Trinity College.
On second thought, I'd rather go to a entertainment spot. Got any of those?|I apologize but in that area, there are no entertainment spots.  That is mainly the church area. Perhaps I can look in a different section of the city for you.
Ok, I'd like to stay in the city centre.  I guess a college will do.  Can you give me the postcode for one that you would recommend?|The postcode of corpus christi is cb21rh.
I also need to find a train leaving Cambridge on Friday and arriving in Peterborough.|There are quite a few trips available. What time do you want to arrive in Peterborough?
I'm not picky on when I want to arrive I just want to leave after 12:45.|There are many options leaving after 12:45. The earliest departure after `12:45 is 13:06, arriving by 13:56. Would you like to book that option?
Yes, book it for seven people. I'll need a reference number.|The tickets are booked and the price is 115.5 GBP which you will pay at the station. Reference number is 9YGZEA87. Can I help you with anything else?
No thanks. You have been very helpful. Goodbye.|You are quite welcome! Have a good day!
Hi, I need an expensive restaurant please.|There are quite a few expensive restaurants in the city! Can you help me specify by telling me what kind of food you'd like to try?
I do not care the kind. Please pick one and book it for 5 people at 15:30 on sunday.|Booking was unsuccessful. Do you have a different time or day?
Yes, lets try 14:30 please.|You have a table at Saigon City at 14:30. DGMG8RF8 is your reference number.
Thanks!  Could you also give me info on trains leaving after 16:45 from Cambridge.|Sure.  Are you looking for a train on Sunday as well?  And, what is your destination?
I need one for monday to go to birmingham new street.|I would suggest train ID TR7728 which departs Cambridge at 17:01 and arrives at Birmingham New Street at 19:44.
That would be good, can I get tickets for 5 people?|Yes, I've booked 5 tickets for you.  Your reference number is LU2SUOW2.
Thank you very much, lovely day to you.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, I think that is all. Bye.|Thank you for using our system today!
I need to take a train to Bishops Stortford on Thursday.|I can definitely help you with that.  Do you have a particular time of day you want to depart?
My schedule is somewhat flexible but I need to arrive by 14:00.|The TR2929 can get you there by 12:07, it departs at 11:29, can I book you for tickets?
Yes I would like a booking for 5 people.|Okay, the booking was successful. The total cost is 50.5 GBP and it can be paid at the station. The reference number is OOGHNZGW.
Thank you.  I also need information on the Gonville Hotel.  Can you look at that for me?|Yes, of course. What would you like to know?
i need to book that hotel for four nights.|Ok, I am getting the info up now, how many people, and what will be the first night?
The hotel will also be for 5 people starting sunday|You're hotel reservations have been made.  Your reference number is HKBN4ZXY.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you that was all I needed.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I am looking for a train for Tuesday going to Birmingham New Street.|Where are you departing from and what day are you traveling? This was I can narrow my search to better assist you.
Cambridge and I would like to leave Tuesday|Does it matter what time you leave or arrive?
I want it to arrive by 10:45.|Train TR2164 leaves at 8:01 and arrives at birmingham new street at 10:44. Would you like me to book you seat?
Yes please book 5 seats.|Ok I have for you 5 seats on TR2164. The total fee is 375.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 3SKORQ4K. Anything else I can assist with?
Yes I'd like to find a guesthouse with free parking, preferably in the north.|I have 9 locations that meet your criteria. Do you have a preference regarding price range of star ratings?
Yes, I prefer a guesthouse between a three and four star rating.|I have 7 guesthouses that are 4-star rated and offer free wifi and parking. 6 are moderately priced and 1 is cheap. Do you have a preference?
Any of those will be fine. Please send the reference number and location.|Okay, how long would you like to stay?
I'd like to check in on Friday for 4 nights. Book it for 5 people.|I was able to successfully book you at the asbury lodge guesthouse.  The reference number is 6LQ4AF7B., can I assist with anything else?
That is all I need, thank you so much.|Have a great trip!
I need a train that is leaving from ely.|I can help with that, what day will you be traveling and where will you be traveling to?
I am going on wednesday and should go to cambridge.|fantastic. what time do you want to leave or arrive?
I would like to leave after 17:15|I have train TR8610 that leaves at 17:35 and will arrive in Cambridge at 17:52. Would this work for you?
Yes great!. Now could you help me find a place to dine in the city center in the moderate price range?|What type of food would you like?
I am looking for something that serves New Zealand food. Do you have anything?|I'm sorry, we don't have any restaurants in the centre that serve new zealand food. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
How about gastropub instead?|The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar is the only Gastropub in the area. It is in the center of town and is of moderate price.
That would be great, could you book a table for the same number of people at 20:30 on the same day?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : P05FIQFR.
thanks alot for your assistance. bye|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Can I please get a train ticket from Norwich to Cambridge?|We have many trains available but to help find the right one could you provide me with what day you will be departing and your departure time and arrival?
I will be leaving after 15:15 on Tuesday.|TR4180 leaves at 15:16. Does that work for you?
Perfect, can I get 8 tickets?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 140.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : CO0GWJCJ. Can I help you with anything else today?
i am also looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of park.|We have a lot of excellent options. Is there a particular area you'd like to visit?
Yes, I would like to visit a park.|There are parks in the centre, east, north and south.  Could you please let me know which area you prefer?
The area doesn't matter, can you recommend one?|There is the Cherry Hinton Water Play park in the east. It's free to get into.
Can I get the phone number and the postcode?|Sure, the phone number is 01223446011 and the postcode is cb18dw. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I would like to find a park to go to.  I will need the phone number and postcode.  Also, what is the entrance fee for this?  Thanks!|It is free admission.
Okay, that's all I need, thank you so much!|Have a nice day, goodbye.
I'm looking to book a train to Cambridge.  I need it to arrive by 16:00.  I also need it to department from Cambridge. Can you assist me?|So you want a train to and from Cambridge? Can you please clarify and also give a day?
I need to go to leicester on saturday and arrive by 16:00|Train TR5677 will get you to Leicester by 11:06.  Can I reserve some tickets for you?
Yes, please.  I need five tickets.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 151.19 GBP payable at the station . Your reference number is : 581GRL6J.  Is there anything else I can do to assist?
Can you check for Italian restaruants in the centre area? Thank you in advance.|What price range are you looking to for please?
I'm looking for a expensive restaurant.|You have 4 options. May I recommend Don Pasquale Pizzeria? I can try to make a reservation for you, if you like.
Yes, please book a table for 5 at 13:30 on Saturday.|You have a table for five booked at Don Pasquale Pizzeria at 13:30 on Saturday. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Can I have the reference number?|Oh, yes, I'm sorry.  The reference number is P0X6X7AZ.
Thank you for your help, that is all I need for today.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I need a place to stay with free wifi.|Ok, I have several hotels. Any particular location?
Location doesn't really matter as long as there's free parking available.|I have several available. What is your price range?
Between $100-$300 per night.|How about the Gonville Hotel located in the centre area of town?
What is their postcode?|Their postcode is cb11Iy, address gonville place, phone 0122336661 they have wifi and free parking too. Would you like me to book this for you?
Is there any french food in Cambridge?|Yes there is one
Well, can you give me some information on it?|Well there are two french restaurants actually, sorry had a blond moment. One in the north and one in the centre, which one were you interested in?
I would like something expensive.  Is either option expensive?|Both are expensive options.
Can you book me a table for two at the one in the centre for saturday at 19:00 and send me a ref number.|Excellent choice! I've booked you a table for 2 at the Cote. Your reference number is EUOHK8LX and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Great!  I am also looking for a train for the same day, departing from london kings cross and going to cambridge.  It should arrive by 11:00.|There are three trains that would bring you to Cambridge by 11:00. They depart at 5:17, 07:17, and 09:17. Which train would you prefer?
Let's book the earliest train, to give us more time to enjoy the city. Please book seats for two and let me know the reference number.|Okay, you're booked. Your reference number is  R2OF8D6Q. Your total cost is  37.76 GBP payable at the station .  How can I further assist you?
That is all for today. Thank you very much for all your help. Goodbye.|welcome and thanks for inquiring with us
I'm looking for a hotel to stay at. I want it to be at least 2 stars and in the center of town.|I have a 3 star hotel and a 4 star hotel both in the centre. Would you like to book one of them?
Do you have anything that is 2 star rated in the centre?|we got none. can i help you with anything else?
That is all I need.|I am not finding a 2 star in the centre. Are you sure there is not another type of hotel you would like?
I do need a place to stay, so are there any 4 star hotels available?|I have 2 options - one is cheap and one is expensive. Which price range would you prefer?
cheap will work. can you book it for Wednesday? 1 person, 2 nights. I'll need the reference number too.|I was able to book a room at Alexander bed and breakfast, your reference number is VWF48IZM. Is there anything else I can help with?
I'm also looking for a train. It should depart Cambridge after 14:15 and arrive in Norwich on friday.|TR8314 departs Cambridge at 14:36 and arrives in Norwich at 15:55. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
YES PLEASE. FOR 1 PERSON.|1 ticket on TR8314 has been booked. Your total is 17.6 GBP, which you can pay at the station. Your Reference number is : H0JS8RMF.
Thanks, that was all I needed today.  Goodbye.|Thank you for calling. Have a great day! Goodbye.
I need a train that leaves on tuesday and should depart from cambridge.|I'm finding many trains departing from Cambridge on Tuesday. What is your destination?
I am going to Peterborough and want to arrive by 13:30.|I have a train that departs Cambridge on Tuesday at 12:34 and will get you to Peterborough at 13:24 exactly. Would you like me to book that seat for you?
Yes, please! I need 6 seats.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 99 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : NH7GXPVA.
Thank you so much, that's all I need today.|Okay great. I'm glad I was able to help you.
Can you help me find a nice 4 star hotel?|I would love to! Do you have a price range in mind?
Yes, I do. I would like a hotel that is expensive in price.|I have two hotels available one in the west and one in the centre. Do you have a preference?
The one in the centre would be ideal. There will be 7 people staying for 2 nights, starting Tuesday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : VZF6OEIK. anything else today?
Yes, actually. I need to book a train from Standsted to Cambridge. It has to be for Tuesday and definitely after 09:30|Great! And when would you like to arrive by?
I would like one that leaves after 9:30.|There are many options available. Did you want to arrive at a certain time?
I would like to leave after 9:30.|There are 14 that meets your criteria. Could you give me a departing time, to narrow it down?
I do not have a further preference.|Train TR8846 meets your criteria, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please book for 7 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.7 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : EOJC45ES. Can I help with anything else today?
That's all I needed. Thanks for your help, goodbye!|Have a great night.
Hello, I need to book a train for Thursday leaving to Peterborough.|No problem, can you please let me know where you want to depart from?
I would like to leave Cambridge after 09:15.|TR7317 leaves at 10:06 on Thursday, would you like to reserve a seat?
Yes just one seat, and I'll need the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.5 GBP payable at the station.  Reference number is : SALFLI4E.
Thank you so much for your help. Have a great day!|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a good trip. Goodbye.
I want to go all out this St Patricks day, can you find me an Irish restaurant?   Lets go with an expensive one.|Sadly, there aren't any.
How about an expensive Mexican restaurant then?|Sure.  There is Chiquito Restaurant Bar in the south.  Would you like the address?  Would you like me to book it for you?
Can I just get the phone number for now?|Yes certainly, it is 01223400170.
Thank you. I'm also looking for information on trains from cambridge to london kings cross.|When would you like to travel?
I need to leave after 09:00 on saturday|TR2138 leaves exactly at 09:00 on Saturday. Would you like to book a ticket?
yes please book for 5 people|Ok, the booking was successful, the total fee is 94.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 4YTQP8ST. Can I help with anything else?
No that is it. Thank you.|Okay, enjoy your trip!  Have a great day.
Hi, I'm looking to book a train out of Cambridge that I want to arrive in Ely.  Can you assist me with finding times and dates?|There are 70 trains traveling to Ely from Cambridge between Friday and Wednesday. What day do you want to travel?
I would like to leave on Saturday.|You could take TR8860 early Saturday at 05:50.  It's a short trip of 17 minutes and costs 3.52 pounds. Will this work for you?
Can you book that one for 6 people?|Yes, I have made the booking for you. Your reference number is 1K560JNY.
I also need a place to eat, I would like it in the west and expensive.|There are 9 expensive restaurants in the west.  Are you looking for a particular type of food?
Yes. British food please.|I have two. Shall I book one for you?
Yes, I need a table for 6 people at 10:30 on Saturday and please provide the reference number after booking is completed.|What day do you want it for, before I confirm the booking?
The same day, saturday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : XEP4E22B. Will there be anything else today?
Thank you, thats all I need today.|Glad I could help, hope you have a great trip!
I am looking for places to on the south side of town.|Alright. What type of places? Cambridge has a wide array of things to do and places to go such as, museum's, nightclubs, parks and restaurants.
I would like to visit a park. Could you find one and give me the address and postcode?|Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park Fen Causeway is located at Fen Causeway, Newnham road, postal code cb322ad.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a train from Cambridge to Kings Lynn.|Do you have a day you would like to travel?
I would like to leave on Saturday after 18:45.|The earliest train is TR7604. It arrives at 19:58. Would you like me to book a ticket?
Yes, please book 1 ticket. May I have the reference number?|I have booked your train. The reference number is JI5O0VTT. The fee is 7.84 GBP payable at the station.
That's all I need. Thank your for your help.|I'm happy I was able to help you today. Call the Cambridge TownInfo centre whenever you like!
I'll be sure to so that, bye.|Thank you for using our system.
I am looking for a chinese restaurant.|Okay. Any other criteria?
I actually don't want a restaurant. I need a train to Birmingham New Street on Sunday.  Can you help me?|Is there a certain time you need to leave after or arrive by?
I need to arrive by 15:45.|TR1931 will arrive by 11:44
What is the reference number?|I'll be able to give you a reference number once we've booked. Did you want me to book this train for you?
Yes. please book me 2 tickets.|You are good to go. Your reference number is 9S9SF2VH and it will cost 120.16 GBP at the station.
Thank you. I'll also need a place to stay. I'd like it to be in the west and it should be moderate in price.|I can suggest the allenbell.
That sounds great! I'd like a reservation for 5 nights please.|Certainly, how many people will be staying?
2 people starting on tuesday. please find me the reference number|I'm sorry, Allenbell was not in the west.  Hobsons House meets your needs and I have booked you a room. Reference number is : CTYSXIVU.
Okay. That should do it. Thanks for your help with everything.|You are welcome. enjoy your stay.
I need a hotel with free wifi. I'm broke, though, so find me a 0-star hole in the wall.|There are three 0 star hotels, both city centre north b and b, and el shaddai are cheap, and cityroomz is moderate. Which would you like?
I would prefer a guest house if any 0 stars are available.|We have 2 of those. Would you like a guesthouse in the north or centre?
I would like a guesthouse in the north please. Can you check if it has free parking?|Our cheap zero star guesthouse in the north has both free wifi and free parking.  Would you like to book?
Not right now. Thank you. I am also looking for a train that leaves on Monday and arrives by 1830.|Where will you be departing from, and what is your destination?
Leaving Cambridge and headed to Stevenage, please.|I have a 15:21 or a 17:21 train, arriving 49 minutes later at 16:10 or 18:10, respectively. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes. The 17:21 would be perfect. Please book it for 4 people.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 51.2GBP, payable at the station. Reference number is YSJ6ZWYT. Anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all I needed. Thank you.|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
I need to take a train here on Friday, I will be coming from Leicester.|Train TR3190 Leicester to Cambridge leaves Friday at 6:09. Would you like me to book it for you?
Is there one that leaves after 10:00?|Yes, the TR8659 leaves at 10:09.
THanks, please book it for 8 people. I'll need to reference number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 302.39 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : IOJTYL4C. Can I help you with anything else?
i am also looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the centre.|What are you interested in? There's architecture, colleges, cinemas, etc.
It doesn't really matter, as long as it is in the centre. I will just need the address, postcode, and phone number.|May I recommend the primavera museum in the centre of town located at 10 king s parade in post code cb21sj. Their phone number is 01223357708
That's perfect! Thank you for your help!|Of course.  No problem.  Can we help you with anything else?
No, that is all for today. Thank you for your help. Goodbye|Thank you for using our service today.
Greetings, are there are any trains leaving bishops stortford.|there are many. Where would you like to travel to?
I would like to leave on thursday to cambridge.|I have 10 trains leaving Bishops Stortford for Cambridge on Thursday. What time would you like to depart?
I need to leave after 16:30.|Train 0277 leaves at 17:29 and arrives at 18:07.  Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes make a booking for 8 people and give reference number.  Can you suggest places to go like museums in Cambridge?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 80.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 3AWBI59X.
Great. Thanks.  I'm also looking for a museum to check out.  Can you help me with that?|Cambridge has 23 museums. What area of town would you like to go to one in?
Can you find one in the south please?|Certainly, the Byard Art is a museum in the south part of town. Their address is 14 king's parade. Would that work for you?
Can you tell em the postcode as well please?|It's cb21sj. Anything else you need assistance with?
That is all for today, you were very helpful.|Thank you so much! You have a wonderful day! Bye!
Find me a place to stay. I need a hotel in the moderate price range with a star of 4.|What area of town interests you most ?
Any area is fine, as long as the place has free wifi.|Will you need free parking as well?
Yes, I will also need free parking.|There are no hotels in the moderate price range with a 4 star rating.  Is there another price range or star rating that you would like me to check?
Just check moderate price range then please!|We have the Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge that fit what you want, would you like me to book one for you?
Yes just for me. For four nights please|What day would you like you stay to start?
I would like my reservations to start on sunday.|Done! Your reference number is WTJER271. Can I help you with anything else?
i also want a train to take me to ely|On what day do you need to go to Ely?
Thursday, please. I need to leave from Cambridge.|Ok! There are 10 trains; do you have a time preference?
Yes, I would like to arrive by 20:15.|TR7355 arrives in ely by 18:07, or there is also one that arrives by 20:07.  Would you like to book a ticket for one of these?
Yes please. I need one ticket.|Your ticket has been booked. Your reference number is 561MGK3J. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That was all I needed.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I will need to take a train here from london kings cross, I will need ot get here by 19:45.|And what day do you want to travel?
I would like to leave Wednesday please.|Train TR5725 would work for you, would you like me to book you passage?
Please, I'll need 6 tickets.|OK, you have 6 seats reserved on TR5725, ref# J7XP2Z15. Get to bed early - that's a 05:16 departure! Can I help with anything else today?
Yes you can! I'm also looking for information about a place called Cineworld Cinema. Do you have any details about it?|It is a great cinema in the south part of town. They are located at Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way. Their postcode is cb17dy. Their phone number is 00872208000.
Thank you that was all I needed.|Do you need me to book or look up info about anything else?
That was all for today, thank you.|Have a great day!
I need a train that leaving Cambridge for Ely.|What day and time would you like to arrive in ely?
I would like to leave on Tuesday and arrive by 13:15.|There are several options available that could suit you.  The arrival times are anywhere from 06:07 to 12:07.  What time do you want to leave?
I'd like the reference number please.|I'm sorry, I can not give a reference number until we book you a seat.  There is a train departing at 07:50 , would you like to book that now?
Can I get one ticket on the train that arrives at 12:07?|Not a problem. Do you need the reference number?
Yes, I would like the reference number, please. I am also looking for a guesthouse as well.|a and b guest house located at 124 tension road phone number 01223315702 and is located in the east side.
Is it 4 stars and is there wifi?|It is four starts and it does have wifi.
Great! Can I get the address, please?|The address is 124 tenison road postcode cb12dp
Also, does it have free parking?|no it does not have free parking
I need one with free parking.|I'm sorry, your train reference number is THUZ22RM. Acorn guest house in the north has wifi and parking. Would you like a reservation?
Thanks for the train info. May I have the address for the  Acorn guest house, please?|Yes, it's located at 154 chesterton road. May I help with something else?
No thank you.  Now that I have the info, I can take it from here.|If that is all, have a good trip. Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Good bye.
I am looking for a train to London Kings Cross that departs after 08:15.|What day would you like to travel?
I'll be travelling on a Wednesday.|Are you departing from cambridge station?
Yes. What do you have available?|The TR2000 leaves cambridge going to london kings cross on friday at 09:00. It arrives in london kings cross at 09:51. How does that sound?
That's great. Please book me two tickets.|The booking was successful and the fee is 47.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is E2N0JHSY. May I assist you with anything else today.
No thank you, that is all.|Have a good day!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge and need a place to stay with free parking.|I have many different options available. Let me ask, do you have a certain price range or area in mind?
I have no particular price range, but would like a guesthouse in the north part of town.|That narrows it down to about 9 different options. Most offer both free parking wifi. If you would like my personal recommendation, I would say go with the Hamilton Lodge.
Excellent. Can I book that for 2 people for 2 nights starting on Tuesday|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 152UJWIK. anything else today?
Yes, I need to find a train on Tuesday from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street.|Thanks i will find you one.Thanks a lot
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|Great - how can I help you?
I am looking for a moderately price place to stay while i'm there.|Do you have an area you prefer?
I would like to be in the west.|hobsons house meets your needs. Would you like to make a reservation?
Sounds good.  I need a booking for 5 people, 5 nights, starting wednesday.|your booking was successful. Reference number is : 32C66ISH.
Hi. Can you help me find a train?|I sure can!  Do you have a destination in mind?
I'm going to broxbourne.|Ok.  What day will you be traveling?
I would like to leave on Tuesday.|Where will you be leaving from?
I will be departing from cambridge.|Is there a certain time you would like to leave?
I'd like to leave at 20:15. There will be 8 people traveling with me.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 143.19 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : ZKT87GL0.
Can you also help me find some information on a restaurant?  It is called Pizza express.|Is that just Pizza Express or Pizza Express Fen Ditton?
Just Pizza Express please.|Pizza express is a moderately priced italian restaurant in the centre. Do you want a reservation?
Yes please, 8 people at 12:30 on Tuesday.|I can't make that reservation right now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you try for Thursday then?|Ok! You're booking was successful. Your reference number is 662ALFUF. Anything else I can do?
That's all I needed today. Thanks for your help. Goodbye!|I am always happy to assist! Bye!
I need to find a British restaurant in West Cambridge.|There are multiple options for you. To narrow them down what price range do you have in mind?
No, can you recommend a favorite?|I would recommend Graffiti.  It is a bit expensive, so if you want something moderately price there is also Saint Johns Chop House.
Please book 2 tables for 8 people on friday also i need train tickets for 8 people.|What time would you like these reservations?
Graffiti sounds good.  I actually need that reservation for 5 people at 20:00 on Wednesday. Can I have the reference number for that?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : YYPPDY56. anything else i could help you with?
I would also like a train departing from london liverpool street and arriving in Cambridge at 09:00 on the same day.|There are two trains that would work. One arrives at 07:07 and the other arrives at 01:07. Which one would you prefer?
Can you book the train that arrives at 07:07 that one would work great. I need the reference number as well.|i can definitely do that, how many tickets would you like?
it's for the same group of people|Alright, I've booked a train for your group, the reference number is AOIMGBHK, and there will be an 83 GBP fee at the station.
Great, thanks!  That's all I needed right now!|You're welcome. Have a great day.
Find me places to stay in town that include free parking and free wifi.|We have many option, did you need a certain side of town or price?
I would really like a guesthouse in the east please.|Carolina Bed and Breakfast offers free wifi and free parking. Would you like me to book this guesthouse for you?
Yes please I will be there for three night. Can I get a confirmation number?|I can book that for you.  At the present I cannot give a confirmation number.  Their phone number is 01223247015.  Is there anything else I can help with?
I need a place to dine for my upcoming trip.  I can't wait to try some of your local restaurants.|What kind of cuisine are you interested and do you have a price range in mind?
I would like a cheap chinese place.|What area of town would you like to be on?
The west please.|Unfortunately, I do not have anything that offers cheap chinese food in the west. Can I search another area or other type of food?
Is there one with Venetian food?|Unfortunately, I do not have anything that offers cheap Venetian food in the west. Can I search another area or other type of food?
Any expensive Indian food in the west?|I have 5 expensive indian restaurants in the west. i would suggest the rice boat. they are at 37 newnham road. i can make a reservation if you like.
Yes please. For monday at 12:00 for 5 people. I'll need the reference number as well.|your all set. Reference is T0MSA1QK. They will only hold the table for 15 minutes, so you might want to keep that in mind, anything else?
thanks for everything, this is great|You're welcome, have a great day.
Hi! I'm looking for a train to Norwich on Saturday.|What is your departure site and time?
From Cambridge and I want to arrive by 20:30.|I have a train that would leave at 18:36 and arrive by 19:55.  It's 79 minutes long and costs 14.08 pounds.  Would you like me to book it?
Yes please, book it for 7 people.|All booked and ready to go! The reference number is RJVNE0PT.
I am also looking for a place to stay. Can you find a 1 star hotel for me that is a guesthouse?|Unfortunately, there are no guesthouses that meet that criteria. In the area, there are 24 guesthouses, some of them cheap, some expensive. Can you narrow down your choices?
If there are no 1 star guesthouses, please find me the cheapest one that includes free wifi.|Alexander bed and breakfast is a 4 star cheap guesthouse with free interenet and parking located in the centre. Does that work for you?
Yes Alexander bed and breakfast that has a star of 4 would be great.|Sure, I can book that for you. How many people will be staying and for how long also arriving what day?
There will be 7 people staying for 2 nights beginning on Thursday.|My attempt to book your party was unsuccessful. Would you like to try a different length of stay, or a different hotel?
Would 1 night work instead? If it does could I get the reference number please?|Yes, 1 night will work. I've booked the hotel for you, and your reference number is FIINUE5N. What else can I help you with?
That will be all. Thank you.|Wonderful. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Hey, I'm headed to birmingham new street on Friday. Please find me a train|Sure, what is your departure station?
I am departing from cambridge and need to leave after 17:45.|Okay, the TR7420 leaves at 18:01 and arrives by 20:44. Would you like me to book tickets?
Yes, please. I need 3 tickets.|You are all set, the total fee is 225.3 GBP payable at the station, the reference number is D058JMG9, do you need anything else today?
I'm also looking for colleges in the south. Can you help me with that?|I'm afraid there are no colleges on the south side. Would you like me to look for something else or in a different area?
Are there any nightclubs in the south?|There is one, and it's called The Place. They're located at 22 Sidney Street.
Hmm.. Sounds fun. What is their post code?|The postcode is cb23hg.
Is there anything else I can help with?|Is there anything else you need me to help you with?
No.  You have covered everything.  Thank you so much.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre.
Good morning! I'm trying to buy a train ticket that goes from Peterborough to Cambridge. Can you help me do this?|I can absolutely help! Do you have a specific day and arrival/departure time?
The train should leave on Sunday  and should arrive by 16:45|I have a train arriving at 08:09 that leaves at 07:19?
No, I'm sorry, that's much too early. Could you find one closer to 16:00 or 16:20?|The latest train departs at 15:48. Does that work for you?
For the one that departs at 15:48, what time would I arrive?|16:38, fifty minute travel time. Shall I book it?
Yes please.  I need 5 seats.|Booked! At the station you will pay 66 pounds. Reference number: JQ91RH6X.
Great I also need to find a concerthall to visit in the south.|I don't see anything in that area. Can I search a different area or venue for you?
Sure, how about one that is in the type of entertainment?|There is the Man on the Moon in the Centre located at 2 Nofolk St. Their phone number is 01223474144
Can you give me the postcode and entrance fee? Thanks.|I don't have the entrance fee, but the postcode is cb12lf.
Thank you for all your help today. Have a great day.|Okay, have a good day as well.
Please help me find a place to dine that is moderately priced and is in the centre. Thanks.|There are 21 restaurants meeting your criteria; what type of cuisine are you looking to eat?
I would prefer Danish food, please.|I'm so sorry but there are no Danish restaurants in town at all. Can I interest you in a different type of cuisine?
Lebanese food would be great.|ali baba meets your criteria. can i book for you?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|how many persons should i book for?
Please book for 2 people on Thursday at 18:00.|Just did, your Reference number is : 8WLSP1VJ.
Can I get the phone, address and post code of the restaurant please?|Their phone number is 01462432565 and their postcode is cb21nt. Their address is 59 Hills Road City Centre
Thanks.  I am also looking for a train going to Cambridge.  I need to leave sometime after 10:00.|And what day will you be traveling? Can you also tell me your departure city?
I will be departing from Broxbourne and will be leaving on Friday.|There is a train that leaves at 10:32.
That would work. I'd like 1 ticket, please.|Booking was successful. The price is 17.89 GBP, which is payable at the station. The reference number is PDDNSKVU and the train ID is TR5678.
Thanks for the help, that's all|You are welcome. Thank you for arranging dining and transportation through Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I'm trying to find a hotel called Worth House. Can you help me?|Sure.  Worth House is located in the east at 152 Chesterton Road.  It's phone number is 1223316074.  Would you like me to help you book it?
Great! Yes please book it for 8 people and for 3 nights.|I can get that reserved for you. What dates will you need to stay at worth house?
I will be for 3 nights starting this Thursday.|I have that booked for you and your reference number is FTVOQPHP.
I also need a train.|Okay! What day are you needing to take the train? Where would you like to go? Do you know where you would like to depart?
I would like to leave on Sunday from Cambridge.|What is your destination?  Also, what time do you want to leave or arrive, please?
The train should leave after 10:45 and should go to bishops stortford.|The first train leaving Cambridge for Bishops Stortford on Sunday departs at 11:29 and arrives at 12:07. Would you like to book tickets?
Yes book the tickets please.|You are booked. Your reference number is FTVOQPHP
Thanks, that's all I need. Good bye.|Thank you, good bye!
I want to board a train on Thursday. Can you help me with that?|Yes of course! Where are you traveling to?
I am travelling to Cambridge and it should depart from London Kings Cross.|I have ten trains doing that trip on Thursday. Any specific times?
I need to arrive by 09:00 if that is possible.|Yes it's possible. We have 2 trains departing at 05:17 and at 7:17. Which one would you prefer?
Please make a booking for 6 people on the 7:17 train.|I have booked your seats here is the information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 141.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : PY3UDDOV.
Great, thank you! I'm also looking for a guesthouse that includes free parking. Can you help out?|Absolutely. There are 21 guesthouses that have free parking, could you tell me which area you would like to stay in?
I am not picky about the area. I prefer the moderate price range and a 4-star rating, please.|Which area would you prefer north, south, or east?
I really don't care about the area, can you just suggest one for me?|How about the acorn guest house, its moderately priced located in the north?
Yes please book the acorn guest house. Also could you give me the address for the hotel.|154 chesterton road. Would you like a reservation?
No thank you. I just needed the address. Thanks for your help.|You are welcome enjoy.
I am looking for a train going to Cambridge.|Great and welcome! How about friday at 05:17? Is that time acceptable?
yes, that is perfect.|It will cost 23.50 pounds and the travel time will be 51 minutes, would you like to book it?
Yes, please.  Two tickets.|I've booked you 2 tickets on train TR5219 from london kings cross to cambridge on friday. The total fee is 47.2 pounds and your reference number is DVRX2C6V.
Thanks. A friend told me about a restaurant called the rice boat. Do you know it?|I have not been myself but hear it is nice.  It serves Indian food on the west end of town.  Would you like me reserve a table for you?
Yes please, 2 people at 20:30 on sunday.  Can I also get a reference number?|I was able to book that table for you (Ref #UU2PWIV7). Can I help you with anything else today?
Nope, that takes care of everything. Thank you!|You're welcome! Have a great trip!
I am looking for the restaurant, De Luca Cucina and bar. Where is it located in Cambridge?|De Luca Cucina and Bar is located at 83 Regent Street, would you like their phone number as well?
Yes, can you also confirm what kind of food these serve for me?|De Luca Cucina and Bar serves modern european food. Would you like a reservation?
Not at this time. I do need a train, though. I'll be leaving from london liverpool street on Sunday.|There are 10 trains. Is there a particular time you'd like to leave or arrive by?
i want to leave at 9:30am.|There are no trains leaving at 9:30 but train TR2357 departs at 9:39. Will that be okay?
Actually can I change that to after 13:45 and may I also get the reference number please?|No problem. The TR6946 leaves at 15:39. Does that work?
That does work. Please book 1 ticket for me.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 13.28 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 94XBLTRF. Can I help you with anything else today?
Great that should be all I need thank you.|You are welcome. Have a great day.
Can you help me find a place to stay while in cambridge in the north that has free wifi?|We have about 12 different options for you. Do you have a preferred price range? Or do you prefer a hotel or guest house?
I would like one with 4 stars.|That narrowed it to eight choices. How about Home from Home? It has free internet and parking.
That sounds like a perfect fit. Please book it for 4 nights starting this Friday, for 3 people.|I was able to book you for 4 nights for 3 people starting on Friday.  The Reference number is : 0GLJEDPZ.  Is there anything else you need?
I want an expensive french place to dine in.|Sure, do you prefer the centre of town or the north end?
In the north please.|Restaurant two two is an expensive french restaurant in the north. Would you like a reservation?
no i want the post code and address|Sure, they are located at 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton and their postcode is cb43ax. Is there anything else you need?
a train. The train should arrive by 20:45 and should go to stansted airport|Where are you departing from, What day do you want to travel and how many people can I book tickets for?
Departing from Cambridge on Saturday.|What time would you like to leave?
It doesn't matter what time I leave as long as I arrive at the airport by 20:45.|TR1703 leaves cambridge on sunday at 19:40 and arrives at stansted airport at 20:08. The cost is 8.08 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please, can you book 2 tickets and can i get a reference number please? Thank you.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.16 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 86BN010L
Thank you, my trip is planned, that is everything.|Okay, great. Let us know if you need anything else.
I would like to book a train to Cambridge.|We have plenty of options. Would you like to narrow it down by travel time?
Yes. I would like to depart from Cambridge and arrive in Norwich no later than 17:00 on Monday.|I have 11 trains that arrive in norwich on monday. TR9460 arrives in norwich at 16:55 and costs 17:60 pounds. Does that work for you?
Yes, please book that train for 4 people and give me the reference number.|Your reference number is EHHSIN9X, and the total is 70.4 GBP.  Can I help you with something else?
I would also like some recommendations for places to go in town.|There are many places to go in town. Is there anything more specific you would like?
I'd like something on the south side, please.|There are a couple parks, a cinema, a museum, a nightclub, and 2 entertainment venues, any of those sound ok?
The museum on the south side sounds good. Could I get an address for that?|You'll find the museum at 14 king's parade.
Okay thank you so much that is all I need.|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all, thank you.|You're welcome, enjoy your time in Cambridge.
I need a train out of cambridge on Monday.|There are over 200 possibilities. Where will you be traveling to from Cambridge?
Let's change the date to leaving on Tuesday after 20:00 and it should be departing Cambridge and to the Birmingham New Street.|I would recommend TR6319 which leaves Cambridge at 20:01 and arrives at Birmingham New Street at 22:44.
Perfect.  Can you book 3 seats for me?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 225.3 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is VMZ1Y1EA. Can I do anything else for you today?
Yes, please. I also need a hotel with free wifi. And, thank you for the train reservation.|You're welcome! What part of town would you like to stay in?
The area is flexible. I am more concerned with finding something with 2 stars and with free wifi.|Okay. There are 3 hotels matching your description. Two moderately priced hotels in the north, and one expensive hotel in the east. Do you want me to recommend one?
What's the name of the expensive hotel?|express by holiday inn cambridge is the expensive hotel.
thats fine, thanks|Would you like me to book that for you?
No, I'm just gathering information right now. Thanks for all your help today. That's all I need.|Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your stay!
I'm looking for a train leaving cambridge and arriving by 11:45|Ok, do you know what your destination is?
Yes, I am going to Ely.|I have a train that leaves at 7:50 Monday morning to to to Ely.  Does this interest you or is there another day you had in mind?
I would like to leave on Friday.|Is there a certain time on Friday?
I need to arrive by 11:45.|I have the TR8792 which you will arrive at 10:07. How many ticket please?
i would like a ticket for 8 people.|You will need to pay a fee of 35.2 GBP at the station and your reference number number 7089L1RT.
i am also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi and should include free parking. The hotel should have a star of 4.|We have 19 options that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by area or price range?
Price doesn't matter. I need a reservation for 8 people, 3 nights starting Tuesday. If that day fails, the Sunday and the reference number.|Arbury Lodge Guesthouse is supposed to be nice, as long as you're ok with a guesthouse rather than a hotel. Would you like me to book that one?
Yes, please, for 8 people, for 3 nights, starting Tuesday!|You're all set! Your reference number is YGF92ATC. Can I assist you with anything else?
That is all I need.|Enjoy your stay.
Hi. I'm looking for a train from ely to cambridge, if there is one.|Okay, what day do you want to leave?
I would like to leave on Sunday.|How about TR9382?
Well I need to leave after 14:45, so if it is after that time that'll work.|TR9823 will leave at 15:35, how does that sound?
I think that'll work.  I need to reserve two seats, can you help me with that?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 7.04 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 6NJA0V8R.
Thank you. That's all I need for now!|You're very welcome. Have a great day.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|okay can you be a little more specific?
I'm looking for a train to arrive by 21:45 on wednesday.|OK, what station would you like to depart from and which station would you like to arrive at?
It would be from broxbourne to cambridge, I will need to book that for two people.|TR6477 will arrive in cambridge on wednesday by 21:32. I booked 2 tickets. The fee is 25.79 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is 3800N2KU. Wiil that be all?
I also need a place in the centre that serves indian food.|curry garden is expensive, kohinoor is cheap. Do these interest you?
Can you book a table for us at Curry Garden at 13:45?|Sure thing! How many people, what time, and what day?
book a table for the same group of people at 13:45 on the same day.|Reference number is : 6JOS1HJY. Is there anything else?
That will be all. Thank you.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Thanks. Goodbye now!|Do you need anymore help?
Can you help me find a train? I am looking for to take me to Birmingham New Street and it should leave on Saturday.|Train TR4975 leaves at 05:01 Saturday. Who you like me to book it or shall I list more train options?
I need a train that departs from Cambridge after 15:30.|I found that TR3245 is likely suited for your needs. It departs at 16:01 on saturday evening. May I book that for you?
Yes please, book it for two people and provide me with the reference number if you don't mind.|Ok, I have booked travel for two people on TR 3245 leaving Cambridge at 1601. Reference number XI0220XD for your records.
I also want to find a place to go. I'm looking for a museum in the east.|We have four to choose from. Any particular preference?
Doesn't matter. Can I get the entrance fee, address, and phone number please?|The Cambridge Artworks museum is located at 5 greens road. Their phone number is 01223902168, and it's free to get in. Can I help with anything else today?
Nothing else, thank you lots.|You are welcome.  If you need anything else, please contact us.
I'm travelling from Ely to Cambridge on Tuesday and need help finding a train.|We have trains running that route every two hours beginning at 5:35. Do you have a preferred departure or arrival time?
I want to arrive by 18:30.|I have several options available is there a time you would like to depart?
I don't have a departure preference.|Train ID	TR6971 is 4.40 pounds Should I book it
Yes, and please give me the ref. number.|Great!  How many seats will you need?
Just me please|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 4.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : FCO2L8AN. May I assist with anything else?
Can you help me find a park in the south?|There are two parks in the south. They are both free. I recommend wandlebury country park. Can I help with anything more today?
Please tell me their phone number and address|Wandlebury Country Park is located at Wandlebury Ring, Gog Magog Hills, Babraham and their phone number is 01223243830. Can I assist you further?
That is all I need today. Thank you for your help.|thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Thanks again for all of your help|Glad I could help.
Can you help me find a train departing bishops stortford and arriving by 20:15?|Okay! What is your destination?
I am going to Cambridge from Bishops Stortford.|I need more information from you. What day will you be traveling and what time do you want to leave?
Leaving on Thursday and need the reference number.|i recommend  TR0141 leaves at 13:29 and costs 10.10 pounds
That sounds perfect! I need 5 tickets.|You have 5 tickets booked, reference #: 99ZS3NH1.  The fee is 50.5 GBP and you will need to pay at the station.  Anything else for you today?
Yes, I also would like to book a room at the warkworth house.|What date would you like to book?  How many nights and how many people?
Please book for 5 nights starting the same day.|How many people will be staying?
There will be 5 people stating starting the same day. i need the reference number please|Your booking was successful! Your reference number is: U08ESKG3. Is there anything else we can help you with?
Thanks for both bookings. Those were my two concerns for today. I am very satisfied. Goodbye.|Great! Please contact us again anytime. Good Bye.
I'd like to find a hotel in the centre of town with free parking, please.|Sure thing.  There are 2 hotels available, Gonville hotel and University Arms Hotel.  Which hotel do you prefer?
Which hotel is a star of 3?|Gonville, shall I book it for you?
Yes, that would be fine.  Please book it for 7 people starting Tuesday for 2 nights.|I 'm afraid the booking was unsuccesful.  Would you like to try another day or a shorter stay?
Let's try it for one night then please|Success. Your reference number is NQF2R59K.
Thank you. I also need a train going to london liverpool street on wednesday.|Do you have a departure or arrival time you would like?
I am leaving from cambridge and need to arrive at london liverpool street by 08:00 for a meeting.|TR1047 will get you there by 7:27, will that work for you?
Yes please book the the train for 7 people and can I get the reference number.|The Booking was successful, the total fee is 116.2 GBP. Reference number is : 1P1T8F7D. May I help with anything else?
No, that's all I need right now.  Thank you and have a nice day.  Bye|The duration lasts 88 minutes. Have a nice day.
I'm looking for a hotel room.  Can you help me find one?|Yes, there are nine hotels you can stay at what area and price range do you want?
I would prefer a guesthouse in the cheap price range.|What area would you like to stay in?
The area does not matter.|Well the Autumn house is my recommendation, cheap price four stars and located in the east.  Would you care for more info or a booking?
Yes.  Book for 7 people for 2 nights starting on Wednesday.|I was able to book the room, your reference number is 2BU7S7NI. Would you like any more assistance today?
Yes, I would like to book a train from cambridge to stansted airport please.|i can help you with that. what day are you traveling?
I will be travelling on Wednesday.|What time would you like to leave and/or arrive on Wednesday?
I'd like to arrive by 14:15 and would like to book on the same day as the hotel booking, please.|i have train tr7996 that leaves at 13:40 and arrives by 14:08. would you like any tickets?
Yes, please. I need 7 tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.7 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : 3XBEBG2W. Anything else?
Thank you. That is all that I need.|Have a nice day, goodbye.
Hello. I'm hoping to find a guesthouse in the north part of Cambridge. Are there any?|Indeed there are. In fact, there are 11. If you'd like an inexpensive, 4 star guesthouse with free internet and free parking, Worth House is a good choice.
I'm looking for a place to stay that is cheap located in the north.|I would suggest this one city centre north b and b.
Sure, I need a reservation for 4 people and 2 nights starting on Monday please.|I have made the booking the Reference number is E6UVD9OL.  Is there anything else i can help you with?
Would you mind finding some info on a train into Cambridge for me?|I could do that for you. Can you give me a time ?
Yes, we will be coming from bishops stortford on Monday. I would like to leave after 19:30.|Their is a train that leaves Monday at 21:29. it costs 10.10 pounds and it's a 38 minute trip. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please. Can you book me 4 tickets?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : H4BIFD0U. Will there be anything else today?
I will also need a place to stay.|A guesthouse has already been booked for you. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a train from Bishops Stafford to Cambridge.|There are 2 trains that meet your criteria. The TR8167 and the TR9693. Would you like me to book one of them for you?
Yes please, for 4 people. How about the TR8167 please.|Oh! It looks like we've already booked Train TR8167 for your group of 4. Your reference number is H4BIFD0U. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a hotel booking.|What area would you like to stay in?
I'm looking for a place to stay that is cheap located in the north.|Okay! Would you like to stay at City Centre North B and B, or at Worth House?
I would prefer the centre.|Okay, there is already a booking for you there. The reservation number is E6UVD9OL.
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!|have a great day too
you too and thanks again|Thank you and have a great day. Goodbye.
Hi! Would you please help me find a hotel to stay at?|Certainly, what can I use to narrow down your search?
It needs to be 2 star, have free parking and free wifi.|We have 3 results. What area are you interested in staying in? And what price range?
I do not have a preference. Please pick one and get me a booking for 8 people for 3 nights staring from Friday.|I was able to book you at the Ashley Hotel. Your booking was successful. Reference number is : 79F1XIW2. Is there anything else I can help you with?
i also need a train that should leave after 16:45 destination  bishops stortford|I see a departing train leaving at 17:29.
I need to travel on Monday, departing Cambridge. Does that make a difference?|That train still meets your criteria. Train TR2530 departs Cambridge for Bishops Stortford on Monday at 17:29. Would you like me to book this?
Yes, I need 8 tickets. And could you provide the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 80.8 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 99VHJ3AR. Do you need anything else?
No thanks, that will be everything.|It was a pleasure to help you. Have a good day.
Thank you for your time goodbye!|thanks for using our services
I am looking for a place to eat in the north. Can you help me?|sure, there are nine to choose from
Do you have anything serving Turkish food?|There are no Turkish restaurants in the North area.
Okay, how about one that serves Chinese food?|Yes, the golden wok is in that area.  Would you like to book a seat there?
Yes, a reservation would be great. Let's say Friday for 6 people at 15:45.|Booking was successful. The reference number is : Q79BLCSB.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a train leaving Cambridge. I'll need to arrive by 08:15, please?|how about TR5767? it arrives at 05:51
Well, I need to go to bishops stortford. Will that train go there on Sunday?|You want TR8095 - it will arrive in Bishops Stortford at 08:07 on Sunday.
Yes I would like to book seats on the TR8095 train for 6 people.|I will work on getting that booked and be back with you shortly.
Thank you for your help.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 48.48 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 1NR94D63. Is there anything else I can help with?
nope that is all, thanks so much for all of your help!|You're welcome have a great day
I'm looking for places to go watch entertainment.|There are 5 entertainment venues in Cambridge. Do you have an area in mind?
I don't mind the area. can I get the address to one of them?|The Funky Fun House is amazing. I think you'll love it. Their address is 8 Mercers Row, Industrial Estate.
Thanks! I also need a train to Broxbourne on Thursday.|There are quite a few options. Do you have a preference for departure or arrival time?
Yes, I want to depart from Cambridge any time after 8:30.|TR2125 leaves a 09:01 and arrives by 10:01. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, please.  I need to book the train for 8 people.|Yes I was able to book that for you and your reservation number is 648C0A9S.
Fantastic, thank you very much. I don't need anything further today!|enjoy your stay in cambridge!
I need to get a train out of cambridge.|Your looking at the trainID of TR5767 or TR2000 depending on your time
The train should go to stansted airport and should arrive by 21:30.|What day of the week are you looking at traveling?
I would like to leave on Tuesday.|these three could help trainID	departure	destination	day	leaveAt	arriveBy	price	duration	book (optional) TR1656	cambridge	stansted airport	tuesday	05:40	06:08	10.10 pounds	28 minutes	 TR1951	cambridge	stansted airport	tuesday	06:40	07:08	10.10 pounds	28 minutes	 TR0684	cambridge	stansted airport	tuesday	07:40	08:08	10.10 pounds	28 minutes
thank you for your help. book for me 5 seats and get me the reference numberes|I'm sorry, could you confirm which train you wanted to book seats on? There were 3 choices given to you.
Whichever train goes to stansted airport Tuesday from cabridge arriving closest to 21:30.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 50.5 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : GMYBPE6F.
Thanks for that. I don't need anything more today.|ok. enjoy your day.
I am looking for a train going to Cambridge. Can you help me?|Sure. And on what day do you want to travel ?
I'll be leaving stansted airport anytime after 17:45 on thursday|The next flight after your desired time is at 18:24 on the TR5921 train. You would arrive by 18:52 at cambridge.
make reservation for 1 person and give me reference number|Your reference number is XZHNMJRS and it will cost 10.1 GBP.
Great. I also need a restaurant serving italian food.|We have quite a few good italian restaurants in Cambridge. Do you prefer a particular area or price range?
It should be in the south, whatever you recommend. I'll need a booking for 1 person at 20:15 on Thursday.|Would you like to try pizza express?
Yes, that will work. Please book a table for 1 person at 20/15 on Thursday.|Booked! The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number: JO641TUZ.
Thank you very much.|enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Hello, I'd like some information on a restaurant in the centre.|There are many options. What's your price range and what type of food do you want?
I would like somewhere expensive that serves chinese food|How about HK Fusion, located at 21 Burleigh street?
Yes book it for Friday. 5 people at 13:00.|I have your reservation at HK Fusion for 5 people on Friday at 13:00, your reference number is XAMSDTRY.  Can I help with anything else?
I am also looking to book a train the same day!|I'd be happy to help with your request, to help narrow the results down where will you be departing/arriving and what time?
It should go to Cambridge and should arrive by 09:00|There is a train that leaves at 5:17.
Thats okay can you book that?|Could you please confirm where you are departing from first? There are many trains and i want to make sure i book you the right one.
I need to depart from London liverpool street on friday. Ineed to arrive in Cambridge by 9:00|TR8522 arrives at 07:07.
Okay, let's book it for five people.|The booking was successful. The total fee of 83 GBP is payable at the station. The reference number is L4G0ZWC2.
Ok, Thankk you. Bye now.|welcome and thanks for using our services
Yes, i need a train leaving on Saturday.|Where would you like to go to?
I want to leave London Kings Cross and head to Cambridge.|What time would you like to leave or arrive?
I would love to arrive by 15:00|The closest train I can find to your arrival time is the TR5729 which would arrive at Cambridge at 14:08. Is this okay?
That's great! Please book for 6 people. I'll need the reference number.|I have booked the train per your request and your reference 0I2EGI9Q.
I'm also looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the center and should be in the expensive price range.|We have many options, any cuisine preference?
Do you have anything serving Italian food?|I have 4 italian restaurants. It might sound funny, but my recommendation if you'd like it is to try the Clowns Cafe. They have amazing food.
No thank you that will be all|Okay would you like their telephone, address or postcode?
I would actually like to book a table at the Clowns Cafe that you mentioned. I need a table for 6 on Saturday at 19:15.|Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 571QZ495.
Thank you for your help. That is all for now.|Can I help you with anything else?
No that is it. Thank you.|Thank you for using the service glad I was able to help. Have a nice day.
I need a train from peterborough|Where are you headed, and what day and time did you need to leave?
I am going to cambridge and leaving after 8:00 on friday|Sure, I have TR6496 departing at 08:19, arriving at 09:09, with a duration of 50 minutes. The cost is 16.50 pounds. Would that work for you?
Yes please book it for 5 people and give me a reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 82.5 GBP payable at the station, the feference number is : MFCHF1YV. Can I help with anything else?
I think that takes care of everything, thanks!|Great. I'm glad I could help! Please consider using our service again the future. Goodbye.
I am looking for a train departing after 11:15 from the Birmingham new street location.|There are many trains leaving after 11:15, the closet one leaving to that time will be at 11:40 and arrives at 14:23.
Okay, I need one going to Cambridge on Tuesday.|What is your preferred arrival time?
I don't have a preferred arrival time. Could you just book me one for 13:40?|Will that be 1 ticket on the 13:40 train from birmingham new street to cambridge, then?
No, actually I'll need tickets for two people please. Oh, and can you provide the reference number when you've got it please?|Your request has been completed.  The reference number is TTH2AA7N.
Thanks. I also need an expensive restaurant serving Mediterranean food.|I have 2 results for mediterranean restaurants. One is la mimosa	in town centre. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Sure. 2 people at 20:30 on Tuesday. Please give me the reference number.|Alright, you're all booked! The reference number is LW1N1DLA. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope that should be it thank you|Thank you, if you need anything else please contact us.
Find me a place to stay. I need a hotel in the moderate price range with a star of 4.|What area of town interests you most ?
Any area is fine, as long as the place has free wifi.|Will you need free parking as well?
Yes, I will also need free parking.|There are no hotels in the moderate price range with a 4 star rating.  Is there another price range or star rating that you would like me to check?
I need a place to stay in the centre of town.|I can definitely help with that. I have about 5 different options. First of all, may I ask if you have a preference between a hotel or guesthouse?
I would prefer a 2 star guest house.|I am not seeing a 2-star guesthouse or hotel in the centre area.  I have a 4-star and a 0-star guesthouse in the centre, though.
I would like to make a reservation at the 4 star one please.|I would recommend alexander bed and breakfast! Would you like a reservation?
Yes.  Please book it for 5 people, starting Sunday, for 3 nights.|I am sorry, but those dates are unavailable. Would you like to try another day or a shorter stay?
Are you sure? Can you try again? If that doesn't work, is there another 4 star guesthouse in the centre that you can try?|I do apologize! I must have fat fingered it the last time. Clumsy me! Booking was successful.Your Reference number is : Q1DDFWPH.
Thank you. I am also looking for a train from kings lynn to cambridge. Can you help with that?|Yes, I can.  When would you like to travel?
I'd like to leave Sunday after 18:30.|Okay, trainID TR6697 seems most suitable for you, leaving Kings Lynn on Sunday at 19:11 and arriving in Cambridge by 19:58. The price is 7.84 pounds. Shall I book you in?
Yes, please book the train for 5 people on sunday. Let me know the reference number, if available.|Your reference number is 72DIGGVY. The cost is 39.2 GBP and is payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else today?
That is all I need, good bye.|Have a nice day.
I'm looking for entertainment in the centre.|Unfortunately there aren't any venues like that in the centre. There are some in other parts of town that might work for you, though. Do you want to hear about those?
Ok, do you have any information about boat attractions?|Were you looking at the riverboat or the camboats?
Either one is fine. I just want to attend some type of boat attraction.|There is the riverboat georgina in the north. Would you like their phone number?
Actually can I have the post code, address, and information about the entrance fee?|The post code is cb43ax and the address for it is cambridge passenger cruisers at jubilee house. I don't have fee information but I could get you their phone number.
No thank you, I do need to find a train going to Cambridge though.|Where will you be leaving from and what day would you like to travel?
The train should leave on friday and should depart from leicester.|There are 19 available trains on Friday, when would you like to leave?
I'd like to arrive by 18:45 please.|We have the TR7878 which leaves at 16:09 and arrives at 17:54, would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes, please book 8 seats on TR7878 leaving from leicester to cambridge on friday at 16:09.  can I have a reference number please?|Yes, the reference number is O3MYNURT. The fee is 302.39 GBP and you can pay at the station.  Is there anything else?
No, that is all.|Great. Have a wonderful trip!
I would like a train going to kings lynn.|The TR3112 will get you there by 05:58.  Will that work?
I don't want to leave until after 17:30.|Okay, there are many options for you to leave after 17:30 to Kings Lynn. Where are you departing from?
From Cambridge.|What day will you travel?
I'll be leaving on Tuesday|Great. There are several trains available. What time would you like to leave by?
I would like to leave after 17:30.|I can get you a ticket on TR9452 it will arrive by 18:58, how many tickets please?
I just need one ticket for myself. Can I get a reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 9.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : E9TVYR9Y. You are all set. Is there anything more I can help you with?
I am also looking for a hotel in the north with 4 stars and free parking.  I would like to book for 2 nights starting sunday.|Sounds like your in a hurry, lets find a place before booking.  Right now I see nothing that matches you search for hotel or guesthouse.
I am looking for information about trains going to Cambridge from Leicester on Friday.|Sure, when would you like to arrive by?
I want to arrive by 13:45.|TR3934 looks like your best choice and arrives at 12:54. Would you like for me to book your seats?
Thank you that will work fine for me and my husband|I booked 2 seats on the train. Your reference number is W9IWMR5W. Is there anything else I can help with?
Can you find me a hotel in the west. Free parking, please.|There are two hotels that match your needs.  One is expensive and one is cheap.  Which would you like more information on?
Cheap please. Which one is that?|The cambridge belfry meets your criteria, shall I book it?
Yes. But I just realized that my sister-in-law and her three children will be coming, too. We'll need rooms for all of us, and train tickets for them.|Ok I rebooked your train tickets to get you 6 tickets. Reference number is VAR4DXWR. As for lodging, starting on what day and for how many days is your stay?
It will be for 2 nights beginning on Wednesday.|I have successfully booked you for 2 nights starting on Wednesday at the Cambridge Belfry. Your reference number is XZ7N2YSB. is there anything else you needed help with?
No, thank you! That will be it. Have a good day.|Thank you, let us know if you need anything else. Good bye.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|I can help you with travel, restaurants, attractions and places to stay.
I'm looking for a train on Thursday that need to arrive by 19:15.  I'll be leaving Cambridge and heading to Kings Lynn.  Can you help?|the latest a train reaches your station is 05:58. can i book it for you?
Yes, please. I need tickets for 7 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 68.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 7E54PFPZ.
I'm also looking for a recommended attraction in the centre. I don't care what type it is.|There's Holy Trinity Church on market street in the centre, the architecture is amazing and entrance is free. Is there anything else you'd like to know about it?
I only needed the train.|All right then.  Thanks so much for calling.  If you think of anything else, please don't hesitate to call us back.
Thank you, goodbye.|enjoy your stay in cambridge
I'm looking for places to go in Cambridge. I want to go somewhere in the south, and I want it to be a museum.|Would you be interested in Byard Art? It is located at 14 king's parade, cb21sj, and you can contact them at 01223464646. Do you need anything else?
What is the entrance fee for that?|It's free! Anything else I could help you with?
Oh cool!  What is the postcode for that please?|The post code for the byard art museum is cb21sj.  Have fun!
I need help finding a train.  Can you do that?|Of course. Where are you traveling to?
I would like to leave Liverpool street on Tuesday and arrive in Cambridge.|We have 10 different trains on that day. Do you prefer a particular time?
I would like to arrive in Cambridge by 08:45.|TR6939 is your best option. It will leave at 05:39 and arrive at 07:07. Would you like to book passage on that train?
Yes, I'll need 7 tickets.|Okay, do you need a reference number?
yes please tyhat you for all your help|OK, you have 7 tickets reserved on TR6939. Total due at the station will be 116.2GBP. Your reference number is OK7WYTNQ.
I also need a place to stay.  2 star is my preference.|okay, what area and price range?
In the west part of town. The price doesn't matter.|I don't have any 2 star hotels in that area. Would you like a different area or a higher rated hotel?
do  you have one with  a star of 4?|I do. We have three options. Two that are cheap and one that's expensive. Do you have a preference?
Try either one of the cheap ones, I need one that can hold my group of 7 for 5 nights on tuesday.|the cambridge belfry was the best match for a large group so I booked you there, the reference number is X33MYBK5 , may I assist with anything else?
No, thank you. That will be all.|Have a great time.
Thank you for your help.|You're welcome, and have a great day.
Hi, I'm coming into town and looking for some things to do and places to go on the south side of Cambridge.  Do you have any suggestions?|There are several interesting things to do in that part of town.  How about a park?
Sure a park would be great!  Can you provide a phone number and address please?|I have wandlebury country park located at wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham postcode cb223a.  The phone number is 01223243830.
First of all, I need a train to get there from london kings cross. Can you help find one?|I have a lot of trains heading into Cambridge, do you know what day and time you'll be traveling?
I'll be leaving on Thursday and I need to arrive by 21:30.|what time do you need to leave by?
Anytime that gets me in by 21:30|TR2512 will get you there by 14:08.  Do you need me to book seats for you?
Yes, please, for 6 people!|Okay I booked it reference number is R4UEAGTZ.
Thanks for your help today!|you are welcome, enjoy your stay.
I am happy this is the end|All right. Have a nice day. Good bye.
Will I be able to find any moderately priced rooms to stay in in the north part of Cambridge?|Definitely! Would you like a guesthouse or a hotel, and do you have a star rating requirement?
I would like a guesthouse. The star rating doesn't matter, but the hotel should include free wifi.|There are a number of guesthouses that fit your criteria. I would recommend the Acorn Guest House. It has a 4-star rating. Does this work for you?
Can you book Acorn Guest House for 4 people for 2 nights starting friday?|The Acorn Guest House was successfully booked for Friday for 2 nights for 4 guests. Your Reference number is : GWZ3QLV5.
Thank you.  That was all I needed.|Can I help with anything else?
I need a train going to Cambridge and arriving by 12:45.|Sure, I can assist you with that.  Where were you wanting to leave from?
I will need to leave from Ely.|Would you like me to book that for you?
I would appreciate that. Is there only one option that arrives by the time I need?|There is a train departure on Friday from Ely to Cambridge that arrives by 11:52.  Do you want that instead?
Can you recommend some attractions to go to on the west side of town?|Sure thing!  We have 13 attractions that you may like.  Do you have anything in particular in mind?
No. Just pick something and give me the address.|Okay. I recommend Churchill College at Storey's Way. Their postcode is cb30ds and their admission is free.
Okay, thanks.  I also need a train leaving on Sunday going to Bishops Stortford.|TR6572 leaves for Bishops stortford at 05:29
Could you find me a train that leaves after 08:30 and departs from cambridge?|Yes, TR9904 leaves at 09:29.  Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, for 6 people please.|I was able to book that for you.  The total fee is 48.48 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is 2UOR5O12.
Thank you that was all I needed today|You are welcome. Thank you for using our service. Goodbye!
I'd like a train to Ely that leaves Wednesday.|Easy enough. Where is your departure point?
Cambridge. I would like to leave after 15:30 if possible.|TR6745 departs cambridge at 15:50 Wednesday, arriving at Ely at 16:07. Will that one work for you? It's only 4.40 GBP to ride.
Great can I book that for 8 people and get a reference number please?|You are booked for 8 seats on TR6745 leaving Cambridge Wednesday at 17:50. Reference # is OCWICAXZ and you can pay at the station.  4.40 pounds each.
Thank you. That's is all I need. Goodbye.|Welcome. Have a lovely day.
I want to find a restaurant serving gastropub food in the centre of town.|I have 3 results for gastropubs in the centre of town. Would you prefer expensive or moderately priced?
Moderately priced, please.|Okay, I have the cow pizza kitchen and bar listed, would you like to try that one?
That sounds great! Could you book me a table for 8 people at 14:45 on Tuesday, please?|Unfortunately, that day and time are unavailable. Would you like to try a different day or time, or perhaps a different restaurant?
How about at 13:45 for 8 people on Tuesday?|I was able to book for 13:45. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is HKMRSI6F. Is there anything else I can help with?
I'm also looking for a train to Birmingham New Street leaving after 13:15.|I have 70 trains going to birmingham new street. Could you be more specific on where you're departing from and what day you'd like to leave?
Oh yes, of course, I'm leaving from Cambridge on Wednesday.|I have 10 trains leaving hourly on the :01 from 14:01 to 23:01, with a duration of 163 minutes. Would you like to book one?
Yes, book the 14:01 for the same group of people. I'll need a reference number, please.|Booking was successful for TR8860, the total fee is 600.79 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : H9Y9X5HY.
Thank you very much for you help. Have a great day.|Thank you! Let me know if I can help with anything else.
What's a cheap place to stay that offers free parking?|I'm showing 10 possibilities.  Is there a certain part of town where you would like to stay?
Hmm, I do like the east side of the city. Can you look for one there?|There is allenbell, autumn house, and leverton house. Would you like me to book one for you?
No, I just need the star of the allenbell, the address, and if they have internet.|It has 4 stars, internet and the address is 517a coldham lane.
I need a train as well.|Okay, what is your departing and destination location?
I would be departing from Cambridge and going to birmingham new street.|Okay, what day would you like to leave?
On Saturday, please. I need to arrive by 21:00.|TR5867 leaves Cambridge for Birmingham New street at 18:01 and arrives at 20:44. Would you like to book that one?
Yes, book it for 5 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 300.39 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is: OR8B3H41. Is there anything more I can help with?
Thank you very much you were very helpful.|The ride lasts 163 minutes.
Thank you, that is everything I need.|Glad to be of help. Have a wonderful afternoon. Goodbye.
I need a train to Ely on Monday.|I can help you with that.  Can you please tell me what station you would like to depart from?
I need to depart from cambridge after 21:45.|There are 2 trains making that trip. One leaves at 21:50, the next at 23:50. Would you like to book one of those trains?
Yes, I'd like to book the train that leaves at 21:50.|I would like to book the train leaving at 21:50.
Did the booking go through?|yes Booking was successful, the total fee is 4.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : T5GD6FIT
Great! Can you also help me find a place to dine in the centre area?|Sure thing!  What kind of food are you looking for?  What is the price you'd like to pay - Cheap, Moderate, or Expensive?
I'm looking for European food in the city's centre and in the expensive range.  I need the address, postcode and the phone number.|How about darrys cookhouse and wine shop? Their address is 40270 King Street City Centre. Postcode is cb11ln and phone number is 01223505015.
Thank you, that was quick expedient service.  I am all set, hope you have a great day.|You're so welcome, enjoy your visit!
I need to catch a train on Thursday, departing from Birmingham New Street.|Okay and what is your destination please?
I am travelling to Cambridge.|Please specify your choice of time for departure and arrival
I need to leave after 14:45.|What time do you need to arrive by?
I don't have an arrival preference.|I have the TR2148 that leaves at 15:40 for 75.10 pounds. Would you like to book it?
Yes I need 6 tickets and the reference number.|Sure thing, I will work on that now and be back with you in a moment.
Hello!  I need a place to stay, can you help me find something in a moderate price range?|Sure, what area would you like to stay in?
In the East.|I have three places, will you need parking?
I don't need parking, but the I'd prefer to stay in a guesthouse.|How about the Warkworth House? They're a moderate guesthouse in the east part of town. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, please.  I'd like to book for 4 people for 2 nights staring on Saturday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 6DRA6J6P.
Thanks! I also need a train to Stansted.|What day would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on Monday after 8:30 to go to the Stansted airport.|How about the TR0797 train? It leaves Cambridge at 8:40 and arrives at Stansted at 09:08.
That sounds perfect, can you book my same group some tickets?|Train TR0797 is booked for 4.  Your reference number is O925IZ27 and the total cost payable at the station is 40.4.
Thank you very much, that will be all for today.|Thank you and enjoy your travels. Have a great day!
I need some information on a train going to cambridge.|Certainly. When would you like to depart?
Sometime after 12:15 on Saturday, please.|Where would you like to depart from?
From Leicester. There will be 6 of us. And I'll need a reference number as well.|TR0662 departs at 13:09 and arrives at 14:54 cost is 30.24 pounds per person, before I book you for 6, can I once more confirm this is ok?
that is right. also find me a please to stay.|We have 33 fine places to stay all over Cambridge. Is there a certain area or price range you had in mind?
Pricing should be somewhere in the mid range, and I would like free parking. Could I get the reference number for the train please?|VKJGWFNR is the referance number for the train. There are also several hotels that fit your criteria. Would you like me to recommend one?
yes but it should include free wifi|If you would like to stay in the east, I recommend the carolina bed and breakfast. It's on 138 perne road. Would you liek me to book it for you?
Yes, that would be great. It will be on the same day, same people, and 5 nights.|great, ref # is 33TX20TD, anything else?
That is everything, thank you for your help.|It was my pleasure. Have a good evening.
Hello.  I need to catch a train leaving on Monday.  Can you help me find something?|Yeah sure but you need a departure/arrival city and time.
i am going to london liverpool street from cambridge and should arrive there by 12:45|TR5431 fits your criteria and will arrive at 01:27. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, could you book 3 tickets and provide the reference number please.|Reference number is : 4HWC0OMV. Do you need anything else?
I also need to find out some information about the lensfield hotel|Ah, yes, the Lensfield is a very nice hotel. It's on the south end of the city and is quite expensive, but they have free wifi. Would you like a room?
No, but can you provide their address. Oh, and do they have free parking?|Their address is 53-57 Lensfield Road and they do offer free parking
Excellent. That's all I need.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's it. Thank you for your help.|You're very welcome. Have a good day.
I need a train to Norwich. I need to get there right before 20:45.|And what day are you traveling?
I will be leaving on Sunday.|The train that arrives closest to 20:45 is TR9083 arriving at 19:55. Shall I book it?
Yes, I will need tickets for 5 people please and a reference number.|I was able to book that for you. The total fee is 70.4 GBP and the reference number is LIW5CYJ0. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'd like to find somewhere nice to stay, too. Can you help me find a hotel?|Yes, I can definitely help you with a hotel.  Do you have a price range, hotel type, or area that you are wanting to stay?
I would like an expensive guesthouse that includes free wifi and has at least 4 stars.|I'm sorry I have no expensive guest houses listed. Could I perhaps interest you in a more moderately priced guesthouse?
How about simply a cheap one?|There are 7 options available. Is there a specific area that you prefer?
No, I just need a place I can stay for 3 nights for our group starting on Saturday.|I'm sorry, all hotels are asking you to book another day, or a shorter stay.
Can you check again? A cheap, 4-star guesthouse for 3 nights, starting Saturday, for 5 people?|I did find a hotel for you. We've booked you at the Alexander Bed & Breakfast for 3 nights. Your reference number is 244GZSGM. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all, thank you very much!|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Find me a place to dine on some cheap foods from the americas please.|I am sorry but I am not finding any results for the Americas. Is there another food type you would be interested in?
How about spanish food?|It seems there are no cheap Spanish restaurants either. Can I help you with anything else today?
you can help me to book a table for 8 people at 16:45 on friday. Make sure you get the reference number with moderate price range|Your booking is successful, reference number is WLB1869A
Great, thanks! Can you also help me find a train to get me to Cambridge from Leicester?|which day will you want to travel?
I would like Friday|I have a few options on Friday with departures starting at 5:09 and recurring every hour. What time would you like to depart?
Can you pick one and get me 8 tickets please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 302.39 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : I0W8XGUW.
Thanks, that's all I needed today!|enjoy your stay in cambridge
I am looking for info about a hotel called city centre north b and b. Can you help?|Yes. City Centre North B and B is a guesthouse in the north side of town, that has both free internet and parking. Do you want to book a room?
No thanks. No need to book today. Can I get the price range for them though?|It's listed as in the cheap price range.
Ok, I am also looking for a train from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford.|There are several what day and time do you need the train?
I'll be leaving Monday after 15:30.|TR2630 leaves at 17:29. Would you like for me to book the train for you?
Yes I would like to book the train for 4 people and I'll need the reference number please.|I'm sorry, I gave you the wrong Train Number it is TR2530 not 2630.  Ref no is : 0ES63CK2.  The total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station.
That's all I need. Thank you.|Okay, well you have a great day!
Thanks again for the help. Good bye.|Text us back if you need any further assistance. Bye-bye!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|I am happy to help, can you please give me some information on what you would like me to search for?
I'm looking for a place to stay in Cambridge in the expensive range with a 0 star rating that includes free parking.|I'm sorry, I'm not seeing any options for an expensive place to stay with a 0 rating and free parking. Should I look for something else?
How about one with a 4-star rating?|There are 2 hotels that meet your needs, one in the west and one in the city centre. Do you have a preference on where you'd like to stay?
The one in the west will be fine. I'll need the address, postcode, and if they have free internet.|Sure their address kingfisher way, Hinchinbrook Business Park, Huntingdon and the postcode is pe296fl and they do have free wifi.
Great, thanks! Also, will you please find me a train that goes to Ely, leaving on Friday?|We have 10 trains that leave every two hours starting at 5:50, any time preferences?
I need to leave after 10:30.|TR0767 leaves at11:50 on Friday morning, arriving 12:07. Price is 4.40 pounds. Would you like me to book a seat?
Yes please. Book it fror friday, 2 peopl. I'll need a reference number as well please.|I will complete that booking for you now.
Okay. Great. Can I have the reference number please?|Your reference number is IWVOH34O.
Ok. Thanks.  Nothing further.|It was a pleasure to assist you. Have a good day.
Can you book a train for me? I need to leave after 16:00 on sunday.|We can help you look up for a specific schedule if you can supply to us your Departure point and Destination as well.
I am leaving from Leicester and going to Cambridge.|That gives us about 8 different options. The earliest train leaves at 16:09 and will put you in Cambridge by 17:54. Would that interest you?
Yes, it interests me a great deal. Book it for 8 please and get me the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 241.92 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : BZX66OVA. Can I further assist you today?
I am also looking for a room. Free parking and Wifi.|Which area would you like to stay in?
It doesn't matter. I would like it to be in the expensive range.|I have five. Do you have a star rating preference?
No, no star rating preference. Whichever hotel you recommend.|Well there are many to choose from. Are you sure we couldn't narrow it down by area?
I need a place to stay in Cambridge that includes free wifi. I don't need free parking.|Would you like to try cityroomz?  I can book it for you?
Is it in the West? what is the price range?|Cityroomz is moderately priced and in the centre. Are you open to places that offer free parking, or do you specifically want to avoid it?
I'm open to it, and I suppose the centre will do. But I'd prefer the west side if there is one.|I'm so sorry.  There are no hotels on the west side that match your requests.
That's okay, Cityroomz will work. Can you book it for 3 people for 2 nights starting on Tuesday?|Reference number is : Z9RFJQ4W. Anything else you need?
I am looking to book a train for the three of us from Cambridge to Birmingham New Street on Wednesday.|And where would you like to go today?
Ummm I literally just told you Birmingham New Street, and I'm not traveling today Im traveling Wednesday! Please pay attention|Is there a certain time that you would like to arrive?
We will be ready to leave after 14:30. Arrival time is not as important to us.|There is one that leaves after 15:01.
That sounds perfect. I need reservations for 3.|Train TR4488	arrives at	birmingham new street and cost 75.10 pounds
I want to find a guesthouse place to stay with a 3 star rating.|There are four to choose from. Do you prefer the north, south, or west?
Any area is fine I just need info for anyplace where a booking is available.|Can I get your booking information so I can check them for availability?
Yes I need it for 3 people for 5 nights starting from Monday.|The Hamilton Lodge has availability. I went ahead and booked that stay for you. I can always cancel if you change your mind. Your reference number is XFD6ZAFT.
Can I cancel the reservation with you?|I cannot cancel the reservation but you can call to do so at 01223365664.
I also need a train. Leaving from Cambridge.|May I ask what day you would be traveling? And where are you wanting to go to?
I would like to leave on Wednesday and I'm going to Birmingham New Street.|what about TR1773? it leaves at 09:01
I'll need to arrive by 09:30.|We have 3 trains that match that criteria. One leaves at 05:01, another at 06:01 and another at 23:01. Which one would you like me to book for you?
what time does the one that leaves at 06:01 arrive in birmingham new street?|That arrives at 08:44, which means you'd have about 45 minutes before 09:30. Will that work for you?
That sounds perfect. I need that for 3 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 225.3 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : SEX3RXHL.
Thank you that is all I need.|All right, I'm glad that I could be of help!
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the city centre.|I can most definitely help with that. Is there a certain type of food you would like to try?
Yes, I think I would like to try French food.|Cote is a French restaurant in the centre of town. It is expensive. Would you like me to book you a reservation?
Yes.  Please send be the phone number, address and postcode.|Their number is 01223311053, postcard is cb21uf and they are located on Bridge Street City Centre.
Great, thanks. I also need a train. I need to leave cambridge after 12:15.|I have over 800 possible matches for that request. Where will you be departing from?
I am leaving from Kings Lynn on Saturday.|I have a train TR4003 leaving cambride at 13:00 and arriving at london kings cross at 13:51. Would you like me to make reservations?
Yes, can you book that train for 2 people please?|Your train has been booked. Reference number CYW95CE2. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. That is all I need today.|I am happy to be able to help. Have a nice day. Goodbye.
I need to go to london kings cross by train|Okay! Do you know where you want to depart from or the day of the trip?
yeah. Cambridge to london kings cross.The train should leave after 15:30 on Friday|TR6626 leaves Cambridge on Friday at 17:00. Would that work for you?
Anything leaving a little bit earlier but after 15:30?|Actually, that is the earliest train available that leaves after 15:30. The next train before that departs at 15:00 which wouldn't fit your criteria. Would you like to book any tickets?
I guess that will have to do.  Go ahead and book it.|The booking was successful. Your reference number is 23ELORQB.
I also need a place to stay.|I can help you with that, but let me gather a few more details.  What area of town would you like to visit?
The North, please. Also, I would like a guesthouse in the cheap price range.|How many stars would you like?
Any is fine, as long as it has free parking.|There are two options. City centre noth b and b and worth house. Would you like to make a reservation at one?
Not yet.  Can you just give me the phone number and postcode of the Worth House?|Sure.  The phone number is 01223316074 and the postcode is cb41da.
Why thank you for your kind help!|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That was all I needed today, thank you!|Thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I will. Thanks for all the help!|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Please consider us for your future travel needs.
I need to book a train from birmingham new street to cambridge.|When would you like to travel?
I need to leave n Wednesday and arrive no later than 21:15.|TR4977 will get you here by 20:23. Would you like me to book you passage?
Yes can you please and send me the reference number.|For how many people?
I need a booking for 2 people.|I will bnook that and get you the reference number.
Ok thank you.  After I get the reference number for my train, I have some other requests for you. But I need my train booked first.|Your 2 seats are reserved on the TR4977, departing Birmingham New Street on Wednesday at 17:40, arriving Cambridge at 20:23. Reference number is ULZ1R0XV. What else may I assist you with?
I would like to visit an entertainment attraction in the centre please|There are no entertainment attractions in the North, but there are two in the East if you're interested.
Do you have anything in the Centre area?|I am sorry there is nothing in the centre.
How about a museum?|How about broughton house gallery?
what type of museum is it, and their phone number too then please|broughton house gallery is a museum of arts. Their phone number is 01223314960. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No, that's all the info I needed today. Goodbye!|Enjoy your stay and have a wonderful day.
Are there any Asian restaurants in the centre of town?|Yes, I have 4 places ranging from cheap to expensive. Do you have a preference?
I would like an expensive price range|There is one, the Kymmoy. It is at 52 Mill Road City Centre, would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please. 3 people at 20:00 on Friday.|Your booking was successful, your reference number is 8JYOL10R. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train leaving from Norwich and arriving at 08:30.|What is your destination and what day would you be traveling?
I would be going to Cambridge and traveling on Friday.|the TR9900 arrives at 06:35 on friday from norwich to cambridge.
That sounds great, can you book us tickets for the same group of people, please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 46D44UUR. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
No, that's it. Thank you for your help.|Thank you for choosing the help desk. Have a wonderful day.
I am looking for a train that leaves on Monday after 11:00.|Sure thing let me look that up for you. Where will you be going?
We will be going to Cambridge.|I found 139 trains, what is your departure destination?
My destination is Cambridge.|Yes, but from which station are you departing?
I will be departing from Leicester going to cambridge please.|TR1193 closely matches your search. It leaves at 11:09. Would you like more information or any assistance booking a ticket?
Great please looking for seven people and give me the reference number|Certainly, I have booked your tickets, and your reference number is YE6JVB3W. Is there anything else I can help with?
I'm also looking for an attraction called scott polar museum.|Sure. The Scot Polar Museum is located in the city center and their telephone number is 01223336540. Admission to the museum is free.
Can i get their postcode, and entrance fee and is that a museum?|Yes, it is a museum. The post code is cb21er, and admission is free.
Great thank you very much that's all that I need.|You are welcome.  Please contact us if we can help you with anything else.
Are there any good polish restaurants in the city?|I'm sorry, I don't have any Polish restaurants in the area. Is there anything else you'd be interested in?
Hm, how about we try the centre area for the polish food.|There are no Polish restaurants in the city. Would you like to try something else?
i will try british food|There are 7 British restaurants in the centre to choose from. Would you prefer a moderate or an expensive price range?
i'd like an expensive, please.|I have 3 listings for fitzbillies restaurant,the cambridge chop house and midsummer house restaurant.
Can I get a table for 8 at Fitzbillies? Thursday at 12:15, please.|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is : YONTCHWD. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a train from peterborough on thursday. I'd like to arrive in cambridge by 09:30.|There are 7 trains that can get you there, the earliest is levaing at 05:19, the latest at 08:19. Do you have a time you'd like to leave the station?
No, I do not care what time it leaves as long as it arrives in Cambridge by 9:30.|Let's get you on the TR9303, it leaves Peterborough at 8:19 and gets to Cambridge at 9:09. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, I'll need tickets for my entire party.|If i remember right, I had you as a party of 8, I booked 8 tickets for TR9303.  Cost is a total of 132, total reference # 011FPABG.
Yes, that was correct. Thanks for all your help. My ride is here. I've got to go. Bye.|Have a nice day.
Please list all moderately priced restaurants in the centre of Cambridge.|There are 21 restaurants to choose from. Would you like me to narrow this search down by choosing a type of food you would like to eat?
I would really like some good Turkish food.|There are two Turkish restaurants listed. Anatolia and Efes Restaurant. Would you like to make a reservation for either of these?
I'll try the Anatolia. Please see if you can get me a table for 2 at 13:45 on Saturday|Your reference number is P5C22QW2. May I help you with anything else today?
I also need a train to Broxbourne.|Certainly! What day and time would you like to travel?
I want to arrive in broxbourne by 17:15. I am leaving from Cambridge, of course.|ok there is one leaving at 1600 i will book it for you
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|Is there a certain type of restaurant you are looking for?
I have heard of gastropub food but never tried it before. Would you have anything like that in the east?|There is only 1 and its called the royal standard would you like to reserve a table?
Sure can you book a table for 4 at 14:45 on friday?|Done! Your reference number is N8IPCZJP. Do you need help with anything else?
Yes, I need to book a train to cambridge on that same day.|Okay and where will you be departing from?
I'm departing from Kings Lynn. I'll need to arrive by 9:15.|The train that arrives closest to 09:15 is TR1797. It arrives by 08:58 will that work for you?
Yeah that works. Can you book train reservations on that train for the same group of 4 people?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station, your reference number is JB48YR5T. Will that be all for today?
No that will be all. Thank you.|Have a great trip.
I need help finding a train out of kings lynn.|Trains begin leaving Kings Lynn at 5:11, may I know your destination please?
My destination is Cambridge and I need to be there by 11:30.|I have train TR3225 that arrives at 10:58 is that good for you?
Yes, I need to book that for 8 people.  Can I have the reference number?|I apologize the system is down please try back later
Is the system back up?  Can you make that booking I asked for.?|Would day do you want to travel on ?
I want to travel on Friday.|You are booked for train ID TR1958. Your reference number is H8N2SC1Z. The total fee is 78.4 GBP payable at the station. May I help with something else?
Thank you! Can you also please recommend a 4-star guesthouse?|a and b guesthouse is a nice place, do you want their info ?
Sure that sounds great. I need it for 8 people and 5 nights starting on friday.|You are all set, your confirmation number is 1Q0G4OWL, can I assist with anything else?
No that would be it thanks !|You're welcome, I'm glad to have helped! Bye now!
Well, I am planning a trip and could use some help with a place to stay.|I have 33 choices. Is there a particular area you would like to stay in?
I don't have a particular area.  It does need to be moderately priced.|Do you have a parking or internet preference?
Yes, I'd like free parking and free wifi. Thanks!|I have 14 hotels that meet your criteria. I can narrow that down further depending on which part of town you want to stay in.
I would like to to be a guesthouse.|There are 12 guest houses that are moderate pricing and offer both free parking and Internet what part of town do you want
I'm looking for a train departing from ely.|On what day do you wish to travel and to what destination?
I'd like to travel to Cambridge on Wednesday, but I don't want to leave before noon.|I have a train to Cambridge leaving Ely at 13:35. Will this work for you?
That should work. I need booking for 2 people and I will need the reference number, please.|I have booked two spots for you. The reference number is IU3F4FKV
Wonderful. Thank you.|You're welcome. Is there anything else you may need?
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.|Alright. Have a great day. Bye now!
Yes I am looking for a attraction called holy trinity church.|Holy Trinity Church is located on Market St in postcode cb23nz. It's free to get in. Did you have any further questions?
Do you have the address of holy trinity church?|Yes it's on Market street.
Thank you.  Can you help me find a train going to Leicester?|Yes, when would you like to leave?
anytime after 19:00|I have a train that leaves at 19:21. What day would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on Saturday.|TR4708 departs cambridge at 19:21 and arrives at 21:06. Can I book that for you?
Yes. I would like to book for 3 people and will need a reference number.|I booked you 3 seats on TR4708 leaving Cambridge on Saturday at 20:21, the total fee is 90.72 GBP and your reference number is FVMA8AAO.
That's all I need. Thank you.|I'm glad that I can be of help please have a great trip.
Hi, I'm looking for a train that's departing Cambridge and going to London Liverpool Street.|I have the listings up for you, what date and time will you need that train?
I need to travel on Thursday, and I need to arrive by no later than 16:15.|There are 5 results, depending on when you want to leave. There is a train that leaves at 11:59 and arrives by 13:27, will that be ok?
Yes, that will work can you book that for me?|Yes I can book that for you. How many people will be needing tickets?
I need tickets for 8 people.|Your reference number is OWVUY7ZZ. The total fee is 132.8 GBP payable at the station. Do you need anything else?
Thanks and yes, now that you asked, I really would like to check out some colleges in the centre|You're in luck, we have 13 colleges in the centre. May I recommend Christ's College for you? It has free admission.
could you please provide the address, phone number, and entrance fee.|Christs College is on St. Anfrews st. and phone is 01223334900
I would like to find a restaurant that serves Turkish food in the centre please.|There are 3 Turkish restaurants in the centre, did you have a price range?
I'd like someplace expensive, please.|Great, I have found Meze Bar Restaurant, they are located in the area of Centre, serve Turkish food and is expensive, how many can I book for and what time please?
I need a table for five at 18:30 on Friday, and I need the reference number too.|I've successfully booked your table. Your Reference number is : AD41BY5A. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I need a train to Kings Lynn on Saturday.|Certainly, there are 19 trains to Kings Lynn saturday, do you have an arrival or departure time preference?
How about 15:00?|I'm sorry. Was that an arrival time or a departure time?
It should leave after 9:45.|How about train TR9680? It leaves at 10:11 and will arrive at 10:58. Would you like me to book?
Yes I would like you to book that.|How many tickets do you need for that train?
I would need 5 tickets. Can you provide me with the reference number once it is booked? Thanks.|Your booking request was successful! the total fee is 39.2GBP and your reference number is FILYRUYS. Can I help you with anything else?
That should be all, thank you.|Thank you. Have a great day.
Hi, I need to locate a particular restaurant please.|I can help with that. What's the name?
It is the Pizza Hut City Centre.  I'd like to eat there on Monday if you could reserve a table for me.|sure, how many people will be in your party?
We'll need a table for 4, please. I'd love it if we can get the 15:15 time slot.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : N0LQRA43.
I also need to find a train that leaves on the same day as my reservation and would allow to arrive by  10:00.|I'll be glad to help with that. Where would you like to depart from and arrive at?
I need to depart from london kings cross and go to cambridge.|the TR9276 arrives by 8:08, will that be alright?
Yes, I will need 4 tickets.|OK, you have 4 seats reserved on TR9276. The total fee is 94.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : Z3HYLOYM.
Thats great thanks so much for all the help.|thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I'm looking for a train departing from Cambridge.|What is your destination and when would you like to leave?
I'm leaving cambridge and would like to leave after 11:00.|We have many trains that leave after 11:00. Where would you like to go and on what day?
I would like to go to stansted airport on wednesday please|There is a train departing from Cambridge to Stansted Airport on Wednesday at 11:40.
Please book two seats on that train, and send me the reference number.|Booked! Your reference number is 89Q51FJW. The fee is 20.2 GBP and paid at the station.
Awesome. I'm also looking for places to go in the centre of town. Any suggestions?|The cambridge contemporary art museum is free and located in the centre.
Thanks, that's very helpful. Oh, right, what postcode is it in?|The postcode for the Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum is cb21su. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is everything I needed for now. Thank you!|Have a good day and enjoy the museum!
Can you find me a train leaving from London Liverpool Street?|Of course! When would you like to travel?
I'd like to leave cambridge after 18:15 on Wednesday.|No train at that time do you want to change the time to 09:39?
That is fine.|TR2823 is leaving london liverpool street to cambridge at 19:39, would you like me to book you passage?
Yes, please. I'll be needing tickets for 3 people.|I have booked 3 tickets for you at on TR2823. The total fee will be 49.8GBP.
I also need the reference number.|Ah, yes. Your reference number is D7RN1KYW. Is there anything else I can do for you?
There is a restaurant called Eraina, I would like to book a table for 3 at 21:00?|Which day would you like the reservation for?
For Wednesday, please.|It is booked up then, another time perhaps?
How about 20:00?|You are booked. Remember the restaurant will only hold the table for 15 minutes. Your reference number is KFYPO6NQ. Can I assist you with anything else?
No, that's all. Thank you very much.|Thank you! Have a wonderful day!
I am trying to find a museum to go to while I am in Cambridge on holiday.|There are several museums in Cambridge. Is there a certain area you are hoping to visit?
I have no particular area in mind.  Which do you recommend and can I get the entrance fee and phone number please?|There are 23 museums in the area of cambridge what area do you want?
I'm departing cambridge . Can you find a train that leaves after 08:15?|Where will you be going and on what day?
I am trying to get to peterborough on Thursday please.|TR4863 leave at 08:34, would that work for you?
Yes thank you, I would like to book for one ticket. I would also like the reference number please.|I was able to book that ticket for you. Your reference number is EMF3A2D0. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes can you get me the phone number and entrance fee of a museum? It can be located anywhere in Cambridge.|I have the byard art museum in the south. The phone number is 01223464646 and it is free to enter. Can I help you with anything else today?
I believe that is all, thank you|Have a great day!
I need to take a train that goes to Cambridge and arrives by 16:45.|Where will you be going?
I'll be leaving from London Liverpool Street. Oh, and I'd like to travel on Saturday, please.|There are 6 trains to choose from that day, do you have a specific time you'd like to leave?
I need it to arrive by 6:30 and I need it for 3 people.|Ok. TR7909 leaving at 23:39 and arriving at 01:07 is booked for 3 people. Reference 00PENVQG. 39.83 payable at the station
Thanks. Can you also tell me some information on the Maharajah Tandoori restaurant?|The maharajah tandoori restaurant serves indian foodon the west side. It is in the expensive price range. Their address is 41518 Castle Street City Centre. Anything else?
That's all. Thank you.|Have a nice train trip!
I'm looking for a theatre in the centre.|We have four theatres to choose from, I personal recommend the mumford theatre, would you like more information?
Yes, Can you send me the address?|The address is anglia ruskin enterprise, east road. Do you need anything else?
Can I also get the entrance fee, postcode, and phone number? I also need a train.|The entrance fee is not listed. Their phone number is 08451962320 and postcode is cb11pt. Where will your train be departing from and arriving to?
I'm going to broxbourne and departing from cambridge.|There are hourly trains on that route every day from 5:01. Do you know what day and time you'd like to travel?
Oh, I need to leave on Tuesday and need to arrive in Broxbourne by 18:30.  I need to book for 5, with a reference number please.|The reference number is OLH83LVT
Thank you so much! Goodbye.|Thanks for using our service!
I want a place to stay. Find me a hotel that includes free parking.|There are eight accomodations of the hotel type with free parking. What part of town do you prefer?
The west, please. And can I get free wifi?|The Cambridge Belfry is an inexpensive, 4 star option on the west side with free wifi and free parking.
Yes, that sounds like a good choice. Can you book it for me for 3 people starting Saturday? Thanks|Sure, I can do that.  How many nights would you like it for?
I would like to stay for 3 nights.|I was able to book the hotel for you. The reference number is BTTS9GYC. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a train from norwich to get to the hotel by 16:30.|I have several available. When do you want to leave?
It doesn't really matter, just need to get there by 16:30.|Okay I have a train tat gets to Cambridge at 15:35. Would you like me to book that for you?
Could you help me find a train that leaves on a wednesday after 8:45?|Can you tell me where you are leaving from and where you are headed to?
Certainly.  I need to travel from Leicester to Cambridge.|The first train after 08:45 is the TR1672, which leaves at 09:09.
I need it for four people please.|Of course. Your reference number is TE5QEU4H. The total is 151.19 payable at the station.
Great thank you I also need to find a guesthouse in a moderate price range.|There are several guesthouses in the moderate price rance. I can recommend the Archway House. They're in the north, have 4 stars, and offer both free wifi and parking.
Can you find one in the south, actually?|I have the aylesbray lodge guest house or the bridge guest house. Would you like me to book one for you today?
Can you try booking at the Aylesbray lodge for 2 nights, and may I have the postal code?|How many guest will be staying with you at the lodge? Will the booking be for 4 guests also?
I actually think I will book myself later. If I could just get the postal code and if they have internet?|The postal code is cb17sr. They do have internet. Is there anything else I could help you with?
No that's all the info I needed. Thanks for all your help|Okay, have a good day.
I need to book a train from Leicester to Cambridge.  Can you help me with this?|There are 133 trains making that trip, do you have a day and time you would like to travel?
I would like to leave Sunday after 15:30.  Are there still any available>|TR1784 departs Leicester at 16:09, would that work for you?
Yes. Please make a booking for 1 and be sure to give me a reference number.|You are all set for train TR7472. It will cost 30.24 GBP, payable at the station.  The reference number is CUPCJMGO.  Can I help you further?
Great. That is all I need. Thank you for your help.|You're welcome, enjoy your trip.
Thank you so much!|You're very welcome. Thank you so much for using our service.
Hi I am looking for a train that will arrive by 08:15 and leave on monday.|There are several trains arriving by 08:15 on Monday? Where would you like to leave from and arrive?
It should leave from stansted airport and arrive at cambridge.|I have train TR9641 that arrives at 07:52,what time are you wanting to leave?
Please give me the last train to arrive by 08:15. I will need two tickets.|That would be TR9641. the booking was successful, the total fee is 20.2 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is: SLW0BCJI. Can I do anything else for you?
I'm looking for a place to go on the west side of town.|There is a free attraction at all saints church.
That would be great.  Can I get the postcode, address, and phone number for it?|The postcode of All Saints Church is  cb58bs. The phone number is 01223452587. The address is Jesus Lane.
Jesus Lane? Really? Okay. That's about it, but can you confirm the church event is happening on Monday?|There's nothing that says there will be a church event on Monday or any other day.
Ok thank you goodbye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
Can you help me find a train going to cambridge leaving on saturday?|Do you have a certian time of day ?
I'd like to leave from Birmingham New Street after 12:30. Whichever train departs from platform 9 3/4.|TR0680 will leave at 12:40. I don't have information on the specific platform. Please consult your local ministry with regards to that. Do you need anything else?
Yes, can you please make me a booking for 4 people on that train, and give me the reference number? Thanks!|Booking was successful, the total fee is 240.32 GBP payable at the station, your reference number is U487NKQU. Will that be all?
I also need a place to stay. It would be great if it had free wifi. I don't really care about parking though.|Choices, choices, choices! There are 32 hotels which could fit your criteria. Which area of town would you prefer to be? Also, maybe a price range so we can narrow this down a bit to get the best fit for you!
No preference on the location, but definitely a hotel, not a guesthouse (hate those!). Maybe a 2 star option?|I have 2 in the north and 1 in the east
Tell me more about the one in the east please.|Okay it's the express by holiday inn cambridge on 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park and the post code is cb13lh.
Great thats everything I need thanks for the help|Thank you. Goodbye
Hi, I'm looking for a train that leaves after 13:45 on Friday.|No problem. Where is your departure area and destination?
I need to go to stansted airport and will be departing from cambridge|The closest to 13:45 is 14:40, which is the TR1316. It arrives at Stansted Airport at 15:08. Do you still want to book it?
Yes, can you book it for 7 people and give me the reference number?|Booked! Reference number is FQB8ZKSP. You will pay 70.7 GBP at the station.
OK I got it. Thanks for your help.|Okay please call us again.
Hello, I am planning my trip and I need help booking a train. I'd like to go to Broxbourne and l need to leave after 13:00.|What day are you travelling on?
I'll be traveling on Sunday and leaving from Cambridge.|I have a departure at 13:01 and an every hour later at a minute after. Would you like me to book one of those for you?
Yes please book the closest one to my preferred time for 7 people. I would also appreciate a reference number.|Ok.  I booked 7 tickets on TR4414.  Your reference number is 4C0J1MKO.
Great, thanks so much. Can you also recommend a park to visit in town?|Wandlebury Country Park is in the south and has free admission. Would you like the address?
Yes can I get their phone number, and postcode?|01223243830 is their phone number and cb223ae is their postcode. anything else today?
Is there an entrance fee?|No, there is no fee to get in. Can I help you with anything else?
No that will be all! Thank you so much!|You're very welcome! Have a great trip! Bye!
I am looking for an attraction named Club Salsa.|Club Salsa is a nightclub located in the city centre. Is there any other information I can provide?
Yes. Can you give me the postcode for Club Salsa?|The post code for Club Salsa is cb12jb.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like to find a train from Cambridge going to the Stansted Airport.|Sure, I can help you with that. When would you like to travel?
I'd like to leave on Wednesday after 10:00, please.|TR2762 leaves at 10:40 and arrives at 11:08.  Would you like to book that one?
yes and i need the reference number|How many tickets do you need to purchase?
I will need 4 tickets. Please send me the reference number too.|Alright, your reference number is: FLYM23D4, the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station. Anything else I can do for you today?
That's all I need today.  Thanks for your help!  Goodbye.|Have a great day!
I am looking for a guesthouse please.|In what area would you like it to be?
Any area as fine, as long as it has 3-star accommodations.|Would you like to try the Alpha-Milton Guest House located in the North?
Yes, that sounds great! Can I get it for 8 people for 3 nights please, we'll be arriving Tuesday.|I'm sorry, the hotel is unable to accommodate your party.  Can you arrive on a different day or stay for a different number of days?
How about for 2 days? If it's available will you please book and provide a reference number?|I have successfully booked it for 2 days, and your reference number is OUKN0U42.
Great.  Are there any trains that go directly from Cambridge to Norwich?|Yes, there are several.  The trip time is 79 minutes and the cost is generally 17.60 pounds.  Can I tell you anything else?
No, that's everything I needed.|Thank you for using our service. Have a good day. Goodbye.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|What type of information do you need help with?
I'm looking for a hotel called, Archway House.|It is in the moderate price range at 52 gilbert road
Alright. I'd like a room on saturday for 4 nights. 2 people will be staying.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : S9V74O1G. can i be of any help again?
I will also need a train for Saturday, leaving after 13:45.|Sure, I can help you with that.  Where would you like to travel to?
Going to Cambridge.|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from London Kings Cross.|And for haw many people ?
There will be 2 people.|I have train TR4101 that leaves at 15:17 and arrives at 18:08. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. Could you also provide me the reference number?|I will get that reference number for you.
Ok, thank you.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 37.76 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 6BM4QJXX.
Great thank you! That's all I needed! Bye!|You're so welcome! Feel free to come back if you think of anything else you need! Bye!
Yes I am looking for a train to arrive by 20:45 that is leaving Cambridge.|Is there a specific date of travel?
Yes, I'd like to leave on Sunday.|And where you you like to leave from and go to ?
I'll be going from Cambridge to Kings Lynn, to visit my sister! Haven't seen her in forever.|TR3212 Leaves at 05:11 and arrives at 05:58. Can I book that for you?
Yes, for six people. I will need the reference number. Thank you.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 47.04 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : L5RUWCHN.
I will also need a place to stay. A guesthouse and it should include free wifi .|Okay, I can look that up for you.  Did you want to stay in a particular area of town?
I don't care about the area, but it needs to be cheap and have free parking.|I can see if there are rooms available at Alexander Bed and Breakfast in Centre. They are cheap, have free parking as well as free internet.
Sounds great, can you give me their phone number?|Their number is 01223525725.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No. Thanks for your help.|You're welcome! Have a great day.
Can you help me find a train leaving after 12:15 departing from cambridge?|Where are you heading, and on what day?
Kings Lynn on Friday|TR8494 leaves at 13:11. Want to book?
Yes, can i book it for 4 people.|Okay, I've booked 4 tickets. Your reference number is FBZ6Z3NH. Can I help with anything else?
Yes. I am also looking for a hotel that has free wifi and a 4 star rating.|I see three options available.  Two are expensive and one is cheap.  What is your price preference?
I would prefer the cheap one please.|the cambridge belfry is a cheap hotel. would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes, I would like a reservation.|What are your arrival details please?
I would like it for 4 nights starting Monday for 4 people .|You are booked for 4 nights for 4 people starting on Friday at the Cambridge Belfry. Your reference number is FKV26SLF. May I help you with anything else?
I don't think so but before I let you go, I just want to be sure, the cambridge belfry is a guest house, correct?|It is a hotel not guest house.
Sorry, I want to stay in a guesthouse.|OK, we have many options for guesthouse in the cheap price range, including wifi. Is there an area you'd like to stay in?
I don't have a preference, but I would like it to be rated 4 stars.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : FKV26SLF
that is all for today and thanks for helping|thanks and welcome anytime
I appreciate everything.  Have a great day.  Bye.|welcome anytime you need us
I need a train that will depart from stansted airport and should leave on monday|I can help you with that. Can you confirm if your destination is Cambridge and any time preference you have?
Yes, my destination is Cambridge and I need to leave after 19:30.|I show 4 possible options.  Is there a particular time you would like to arrive by?
It doesn't matter. I just need tickets for four people.|I have booked you 4 tickets on train TR3873. It will depart at 20:24 and will arrive by 20:52. Your reference number is CBFDX67S. Anything else I can help with?
Yeah, I'm also looking for a place to go, perhaps an attraction in the east.|There are a few attractions located in the east.  What type of attraction are you looking for? There are museums, boats, sports, parks, and etc.
Whichever is your favorite would be fine.|I would recommend the cambridge museum of technology.
What type of attraction is that?|It is located at the old pumping station, cheddars lane. The cost of admission is 5 pounds
Is it a specific type of attraction?|It's a museum. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is all thanks for your help. Have a good day.|Thank you for using our system.  Good bye.
Can you help get tickets for a train on Tuesday?|Absolutely! Where will you be heading?
I need to go to Cambridge from Stevenage after 10:45.|On Tuesday there is a train from Stevenage to Cambridge at 10:45
I am looking for a four star hotel in Cambridge.  It needs to include free parking.|I have 19 different options. Is there an area or price range you prefer so that we can narrow it down?
Do you have any with free wifi?|They all offer free wifi actually.
I would like a guesthouse with a star rating of 4. Once we select lodging, I would like you to send the postcode and address.|There are many options available. Is there a particular area you would like to stay?
If you could recommend one that would be great, as long as it has free parking and is 4 stars.|The Acorn Guest House on the north side in the moderate pricerange, it has a 4 star rating with free parking. Do you want me to book the reservation?
I don't need a reservation yet.  Could you give me the address and postcode for it?|The Acorn Guest House is located at 154 Chesterton Road, cb41da. Is there any other way I can be of assistance?
Yes, I need a train that goes to Cambridge and arrives by 19:45.|I have 1029 travelling to Cambridge. Can you be more specific on what day you'd like to leave and time/place you'd like to depart from?
Yes, I'll be coming in from London Liverpool Street on Friday.|Train TR9802 leaves at 15:39 and will get you to your destination at 17:07.  The cost of the ticket is 16.60 pounds.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, I would like a booking for one person.|I have reserved your ticket. Your reference number is QUECHW83.
That will be all, thank you.|Thank you for using TownInfo.
I am looking for a train. The train should arrive by 21:00 and should leave on sunday|okay, where are you departing from?
I am departing from Cambridge.|Where are you heading to from Cambridge?
I'm trying to get to Broxbourne.|Train TR8736 leaves at 5:01 and arrives at 6:01.
Perfect. please book it for 3 people.|I have it booked the reference number is IYHXK218 and the price is 42.96 GBP.
Great, thanks for your help.|Absolutely, have a great day!
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|Great! What type of attraction are you looking for?
I should have mentioned this before, sorry for wasting everyone's time.  I need info on a place called museum of archaelogy and anthropology, what area is it in?|That museum is located in the centre of town. Their address is University of Cambridge, Downing Street. They also offer free entrance.
I also need to book a train for sunday|what time should it depart ?
I need to get from Ely to Cambridge, and I need to leave after 19:30.|Yes please book a seat on the train from Ely to Cambridge leaving after 19:30. Thank you.
Hi, I'm looking for a theater.|Do you have a location preference?
Not especially, could you give me a recommendation?|ADC Theatre in the centre is nice.  Would you like the address?
Yes, please. Also, what is their phone number?|The phone number is 01223300085 and the address is on park street, postcode cb58as
I also need a train ticket.|I'd be happy to help you find a train.  Where would you be departing from and where would we be going to?
I will be going to Peterborough from Cambridge. Hoping to leave on Monday.|What time would you like to arrive or leave?
The train should arrive by 19:00 and should depart from cambridge.|I have a train leaving Cambridge at 5:06 and arriving to Peterborough at 5:56. The price is 16.50 pounds per ticket, would you like me to book it?
Yes, please book for 7 people, and give me the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 115.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : U0JGF786.
Awesome, thanks a lot. That's all I needed today.|You're welcome, have a great day.
I need some help locating a train for Saturday, heading to London King's Cross.|Where will you be departing from, and what time would you like to travel?
I'll be departing from Cambridge and would like to leave at 12:15.|There isn't a train that leaves at 12:15. The closest one leaves at 13:00 and arrives in London Kings Cross at 13:51. Shall I book it for you?
That would be perfect. Book it for 5 people please and send me the reference number.|Okay, the booking was successful, the total fee is 94.4 GBP payable at the station . Your reference number is : AJTE5TLW.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
I also need a cheap hotel.|What area would you like to stay in?
I am planning a trip to Cambridge|I am definitely assist with planning that trip.  Do you want to start with booking a train, or search a restaurant?
Let's book a train, I'll be departing from cambridge and going to broxbourne. Lets look for something on wednesday arriving in broxbourne by 19:00.|It seems there are thirteen trains to Broxbourne arriving by 19:00. What time would you like to leave?
We're not picky, please book any train arriving in Broxbourne by 19:00 for 4 people.|Okay, your booking was successful. Your total fee of 71.59 GBP is payable at the station. The reference number is B5E7R2LE.
Thanks! Now I need to find a Lebanese restaurant in the expensive price range. Can you help me find one?|I'm afraid there isn't an expensive Lebanese restaurant in the city.
Is there any in the East?|Unfortunately, the only Lebanese restaurant in town is moderately-priced. Would you like to book that restaurant or should I search for a different restaurant?
What about one that serves indian dood?|There are 4 indian restaurants in the east. Did you have a preference on price?
I'd like someplace expensive, please.|I have 2 that are expensive. May I suggest Sitar Tandoori? Would you like to book that?
Yes, I need a table for 4 people at 10:15 on Wednesday, if that day is not available then try Friday and provide the reference number.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : UYGNM1SV.
Thanks for all your help.  I think I'm good now.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Can you help me find a park please?|We have 5 beautiful parks in Cambridge. My favorite is the Botanic Gardens in the center. It's 4 pounds to get in, but definitely worth it.
That sounds great! Can I get their postcode please?|Yes, the postcode is cb21jf.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a train going to cambridge.|I'd love to help! where are departing from and which day?
I'd like to leave after 10:45 on Monday. I'm departing from Ely.|There is a train leaving at 11:17.
make a booking for 3 people.|You're all set! Your total, which is payable at the station is 70.8 GBP. Your Reference number is : KCRPUI1L. Can I assist you with anything else today?
That should be everything. Thank you very much!|Wonderful! Have a great day!
Thank you, you as well!|Thank you, take care!
I am  traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.|sure, what can i help you find?
I'm looking for a place to eat in the centere of town in the expensive price range serving hungarian food.|There are no hungarian restaurant located in the centre of town. How about another food type?
Sure, let's try British food, please?|Yes, there are 3. I recommend midsummer house restaurant.
That sounds great! Could you book a table there for Wednesday? There will be 7 of us, and we'd like to eat at 16:00.|I certainly can. Just let me call them and confirm the reservation. Can you hold please?
ok and get me the reference number please|Reference number is : TFUP32PH. Is there anything else?
I also need a train to Leicester.|Would you be leaving from Cambridge?
Yes, on Thursday.|What time would you like to leave?
I prefer to depart after 16:45. Just choose the first train you see listed and book tickets for 7 people. Then give me the reference number.|IKCBZMLX Is you confirmation number, have you booked for seven tickets.
Thank you for all of your help.|You're welcome. Do you need additional help with a taxi or attractions?
No that is everything I needed. Thank you.|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
I would like help finding a college to visit in the centre of town.|There are 13. I could recommend Trinity College on Trinity Street. Or would you like information about one of the others?
That sounds good. Could you give me the entrance fee, phone number, and postcode?|Of course. The address is Trinity Street, postcode is CB21TQ, and the entrance fee is one pound. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I'm also looking for a train that leaves wednesday and arrives by 17:00.|TR3702 LEAVES AT 05:00 CAN I BOOK THAT ONE FOR YOU?
Does this train go to Leicester from Cambridge?|Sorry. TR2052 departs from leicester and the destination is cambridge. It leaves at 15:09 on Wednesday. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes and please give me the reference number.|Certainly. Just to verify, are you traveling alone? You would only like one ticket?
Yes, I only need 1 ticket for myself.|How early do you wish to arrive? There are 11 trains that will get you there before 17:00.
I would like to arrive by 17:00 in leicester.|OK, I've booked one ticket for you on TR0451 from cambridge to leicester, arriving at 16:06. Ref# 8OZNJHMO. Can I help you with anything else today?
I think that is all I need, thank you.|Thank you for using our service. Have a good night. Goodbye.
Hi I am looking for a moderate priced place to stay that has free wifi.|Let's see what we can find. I have about 17 options. Do you have a certain area you prefer or maybe a price range preference?
I would prefer moderate price range and wifi included|How about kirkwood house? It's in the north.
Is it a guesthouse?|Yes it is a guesthouse.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please I need it booked for 3 people for 2 nights starting on Wednesday.|Alright, I have you booked successfully, and your reference number is F74W1S62.
That's awesome. Can you also look for a train for me? I'd like to leave on friday after 18:15.|We have many trains on Friday after 18:15. To narrow it down, can you tell me where is your starting location for the train? And what is your destination?
So the train should depart from cambridge and go to london kings cross.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 23.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : U4G7GGGH.
Did you book that for my whole group? 3 people?|Sorry, no it wasn't. I have updated this info for 3 people Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.8 GBP. Reference number is : 5VJX8JWT. Anything else?
no that's all for now.  thanks,  bye|You are welcome.  Have a nice trip.  Bye.
I'm looking for a train to cambridge that leaves after 10:45|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from kings lynn on saturday.|TR7578 will leave at 11:11 and arrive at Cambridge at 11:58. Is that okay? Would you like to book a ticket right now?
That sounds great. I will need 7 tickets please!|All done! You will owe 54.88GBP at the station and your reference number is GLBNK5OD. Is there anything else I can help with?
I also need a place to stay in the centre of town n the moderate price range.|There is one hotel under that criteria by the name of cityroomz, would you like more information or a booking?
How many stars does it have? I want a 0 star hotel.|Cityroomz is indeed a 0-star place.
Yes, I'd lie to book it for 7 people  for 4 nights starting Saturday. May i have the reference number please?|Booking was successful, and your reference number is VJX5F7UJ. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That's all I need.  Thanks for your assistance!|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
I need a train on Wednesday|Where are you departing from and where is your destination?
I will be departing from Cambridge. My destination is Birmingham New Street.|I've got lots of available trains that will get you there. Do you have a preferred time you want to leave or arrive?
I want to leave after 08:15, arrival isn't that important.|I have one leaving Cambridge at 9:01 and arriving in Birmingham at 11:44. Would you like to book this one?
Yes. Would you please provide me with the reference number?|I have booked you and your reference number is 93NZYRZQ.
Thank you so much.|Thank you for using our system!
I need some help choosing a train to Leicester.|I can help you with that.  What is your departure site and day you would like to travel?
I will be departing from Cambridge on Saturday.|Do you have a time that you need to leave or arrive by?
I need to leave after 21:00.|The TR7610 leaves at 21:21 and is a 105 minute ride to Leicester.  Would you like me to book you seats?
Great can you get me 7 tickets for that?|TR7610 we have booked your train sir ! thank you !
Thank you very much! Also, can you recommend a hotel in the South part of town? I don't need internet or free parking.|There were no hotels that matched your criteria. Would you like to try a different criteria?
how about the north?|How about the Ashley Hotel? They have free internet and parking, though.
Yes please tell me their postcode and star rating.|The ashley hotel has 2 stars. They're in the postcode cb41er.
Ok thank you. That's all I need.|Your welcome, it's been my pleasure to assist you. Goodbye
Can I ask you for a restaurant suggestion in the north today?|Okay, there are 9 different available restaurants. What type of food would you like to eat?
What types of expensive restaurants are in that part of town?|I have Asian Oriental, Chinese, French, Italian and Indian. Any preference?
I would like to try French and I need a reservation for 2 people at 12:45 on Friday.|I have booked you for Restaurant Two Two.  The table will be reserved 15 minutes after 12:45.  Reference number is 6BD74VBB.  Is there anything else I can do?
I am looking for a train going to Cambridge and should depart from King Lynn arriving by 08:15|What day will you be traveling?
I need it on Friday.|There is a train arriving at 07:58 would you like me to book tickets for that one?
Yes, I need 2 tickets please.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 19.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : SKG9JJLB.  What else can I help you with today?
that is it for today. have a god day|You're welcome! And thank you, likewise!
Can you help me find a train leaving on sunday after 12:00.|I'd be happy to help you find something. Can you tell me where you will be departing from?
I am leaving from peterborough going to cambridge|Train number TR9345 leaves Peterborough at 12:19 and arrives in Cambridge around 13:09. Would you like a ticket for this train?
i want tickets for 3 people and give me reference number.|Your reference number is : OYYUXXUM. Can I help with anything else?
im also looking for a place to go in town|We have many fantastic attractions! Would you like to narrow it down by area or type?
I don't care where- just a museum.|cambridge artworks would suit your needs. Can I get you more info on it?
Yes can I get the info please?|It is located at 5 Greens Road in the centre area of town.  The phone number is 01223902168.  The admission is free.
Thank you and what is the postcode?|Cambridge Artworks is in postcode cb13ef. Do you need anything else?
No thats all I needed. Thank you!|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Is it possible to get a morning train that arrives in Cambridge by 9:15 or do you need to get there the night before?|There are plenty of trains arriving that early. Where are you coming from, and what day are you traveling?
I'll be coming in from Stansted Airport on Friday.|We have four early morning trains available that day, one every hour from 5:24 to 8:24. Would you like to book one?
Yes, please! The one at 8:24 please. 1 person. Give me the reference number.|I was able to book it, the reference number is O6ZSM73S.
Thanks. I'm also looking for information on moderately priced hotels with free wifi.|I have 17 locations. Do you have an area of town you'd like to stay in?
The hotel should be in the north.|how about hamilton lodge? i hear they're great.
Sounds good. Could you get me the postcode and the phone number?|phone number is 01223365664 and postal code cb41da
OK book that please|When would you like to arrive, and how many guests are in your party?
Actually, I don't want to book yet.  Thanks for the information. I think that is all I need.|Thank you for using our services.  Have we met all of your needs today?
That is all I need. Goodbye.|Ok. Thank you and goodbye.
Can I take a train from stevenage on tuesday?|Absolutely. Where would you be heading to and what day/time would you like to travel?
I need to go to Cambridge on Tuesday and arrive by 11:15.|The earliest from Stevenage is the TR9263, and it leaves at 05:54 and arrives in Cambridge at 06:43. Would you like to reserve a ticket for this train?
Sure, I need to book it for 3 people.  Can I get a reference number please? Thanks so much!|Sure thing. The booking was successful, the total fee is 38.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is: PL3IZVMA. Anything else I can do for you?
I also need a hotel in the center area.|I have 3 hotels in the centre. Two are expensive and one is moderately priced. Do you have a preference?
do any of them have free parking?|Yes, two hotels have free parking. The only difference between the two is that one has a 3-star rating and the other has 4 stars. Do you have a preference?
Can I get the price range, address, and phone number for the 4-star place?|The 4 star hotel is in the expensive price range and its address is regent street and its telephone number is 01223351241.
What is the name of the 4 star hotel that you are referring to?|It's called the University Arms Hotel. Would you like me to book your stay?
yes please book it for me|I am getting that ready now, what day will that start.  I also need to know how many people and how long?
Actually I don't need it booked, I just need to know the price range, address and phone please.|It is in the expensive range. It is located on regent street and their phone number is 01223351241. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That was all I needed.  Thank you.  Goodbye.|Alright. Glad I could be of help. Thanks for calling.
I'm looking for attractions in the east, can you help me?|There are a variety of attractions in the east. Are you looking for something specific?
Not exactly. Something that is popular. With and address please.|How does Cambridge Artworks sound?  That is located at 5 Greens Road, would you like a phone number as well?
Not today, I just need to get a train that will arrive by 08:45 in cambridge|Where are you departing from?
I'm departing from ely on Sunday.|I have train TR1037 arriving at 07:52. That is the one closest to your time.
Okay, could you book that for 5 people?|Yes, I can. You're booked on TR1037 departing at 7:35, reference number O9MIRYW2. The fee is 17.60 at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
No that is all I need today. Thank you for your help.|You are welcome.  Please let us know if you need help with anything on a later date.
Hey could you help me figure out the train schedule? I need to go to Cambridge I am leaving from bishops Stanford station. Do you know the times?|What day would you be needing the train?
I would like to leave on Sunday please.|How many tickets are you looking for?
i need tickets for three people.|The train leaving Bishops and arriving in Cambridge has a consistent Sunday schedule. Beginning at 5:29 a.m., a train leaves exactly two hours later all day. Next train 7:29, etc.
Could you please get me three tickets for a train that leaves after 15:45?|The TR5298 leaves at 17:29. Would you like me to book tickets?
Yes please make reservations for sunday for 3 people.|Your booking was successful and the total fee is 24.24 GBP. Will there be anything else?
What is the reference number?|The reference number is MNKWT71T. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a hotel for 3 people starting Sunday and for 4 nights.|Do you have any preferences for the hotel, like price range or area of town?
We would like a place in the north which includes free wifi and free parking.  Can you find something fitting this?|I have two that match your criteria. I'd recommend the Ashley Hotel on Chesterton Road. Will that work for you?
I need help finding places to go in town. I want to go to nightclub type attractions in the centre of Cambridge.|Okay, how about Club Salsa? Or the Soul Tree Nightclub? There are 3 more options if you'd like me to list them.
Do any of them have an entrance fee?|Soul tree nightclub has an entrance fee of 4 pounds. The other 4 have a fee of 5 pounds.
Okay, thank you. I'm also looking for a train that arrives in Kings Lynn by 20:00.|I also need to know you departure location please.
The departure location is Cambridge and the day is Thursday. Thanks!|Would you like me to book the TR0481. It arrives at 19:58.
Can I book that for 4 people please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : YY5OJFYH.
Thank you.  That is all I need today.|Okay, great. I hope you have a wonderful time! Please call back if you need anything else.
Thanks for all your help|You're welcome. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Will I be able to get a train out of London Liverpool Street that leaves after 15:15, or will I need to use a different station?|What day would you like to leave?
I need to be there on Friday.|There is no train leaving at 15:15. However there is leaving at 15:39 on Friday, would you like that one?
I don't have to leave at exactly 15:15. I just need to leave after that time and travel to Cambridge.  What are my choices?|There is a train at 15:39 and every other hour after that.
I would like to book it for Friday for 7 people and will need a reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 116.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : M0H2YQDY. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I am also looking for a place to stay.  With free parking and one star.|I'm afraid that I didn't find any. Would you like to try for a different star rating?
Try for a 4 star instead.|Sure thing I would suggest this one arbury lodge guesthouse.
Okay can you make a booking for 4 nights from Friday for 7 people.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : T4EBBLA6.
Okay, great. Thanks for your help!|Do you need anything else today?
That is all I will need.|Have a great day and stay!
Good day to you too, goodbye|Thanks! And if you think of anything more that you need, feel free to contact us again!
I want a train leaving on Sunday and arriving in Cambridge.|I have 202 trains matching your preferences.  What location would you like to depart from?
I am leaving from Birmingham New Street any time after 13:15.|I have 11 trains matching your preferences.  Leaving every hour at :40 starting at 13:40.  Which would you prefer?
I'll take the first train at 13:40 for 7 people please and I will need the reference number as well.|Certainly, I have booked the train, your reference number is PG27S8V6. May I help you with anything else?
Yes, can you give me a list of places I can go once I'm in town?|We have lots of attractions! Is there a particular type of place or area of town you're interested in?
Yes, I'm looking for a park in the east.|The cherry hinton water play is just the place. Would you like any further info?
Yes can I please get that address phone number and entrance fee for the Cherry Hinton?|Of course. It is free and the address is  cherry hinton hall, cherry hinton road. Phone number-01223446100
Great, thanks! I can't think of anything else I need right now, so you have a good one!|Thank you for using our system!
I need a train leaving from Kings Lynn on Tuesday.|There are several trains leaving Kings Lynn on Tuesday. Where is your destination going to be?
I am going to Cambridge.|We have 19 trains that day starting at 05:11 and going every hour, any time preference?
Get me on one that leaves after 14:30|I have train TR8932 that leaves at 15:11 and arrives by 15:58. Would that work for you?
book for 3 people. also find me a restaurant in the central that serves traditional food|The booking number is 1MNBDNEH. Did you need to know anything else on the train?
Yes, I am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves traditional food.|We don't have anything like that in the centre.  How about a different area or food type.
I would like a mexican food restaurant nearby also.|There are no Mexican restaurants in that area.
I like italian also. Are there any in that area?|Yes, there are 9! Do you have a preference on pricerange?
No. I don't. Can I book a table for the same 3 people at 18:45?|No I am sorry no mexican restaurants in that area. Another perhaps?
How about Italian food?|What day would you like that reservation?
Tuesday, 3 people, 18:45pm, italian, not mexican, please book and give me a name and confirmation number.|I have booked you at the stazione restaurant and coffee bar for tuesday. Your reference number is VBMXDETF.
Great!  Thanks for all your help!|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That's all I needed today. Thank you! Bye!|Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye!
Any trains departing cambridge?|Yes, there are a lot. What day would you like to travel and where is your destination?
I'm leaving sunday on a trip to kings lynn. I need to be there by 20:45.|I would recommend TR9582 leaving Cambridge at 19:11 and arriving in Kings Lynn at 19:58.
Yes, that would be great. Can you book me on that train for 5 people?|Here is the booking information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : NNYALFST.
I'm also looking for a place to stay?|What is your price range?
Expensive. I love luxury. But I do expect free parking.|There are a hotels in the expensive price range. Do you have a specific area you want to stay in?
No i do not do you have a reccomendation?|i will recommend university arms hotel. can i give you the contact?
Does the University Arms Hotel have 5 stars? I would prefer a place with 5 stars.|The University Arms Hotel is a 4 star establishment. I was unable to find any expensive 5 star hotels.
thanks whats the phone number and area they are located in?|they are in the centre and the # is 01223351241
Thanks so much. That is all I need today.|Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your visit!
I'm looking for a guesthouse that includes free parking.|Sure thing!  I like acorn guest house.  Can I book a room for you?
Where is it located? what is it's star rating?|it is located in the north, 154 chesterton road	 and is 4 star rated
Yes, I need a reservation for 7 people for 2 nights starting from Friday and the reference number.|Alright, got you booked. You're reference number is: 86WN2LDQ. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I also need to book a train for Sunday.|where do you want to go?
I need to get to norwich by 19:00.|We have 19 trains available. Would you like to narrow it down by departure site, departure time, or arrival time?
I need a train leaving Cambridge and going to Norwich, sunday. It should arrive by 19:00.|There is a train leaving at 17:36 that arrives at 18:55.  Would you like me to book that for you?
yes thank you.|You are booked on train number TR5291 leaving Cambridge for Norwich at 7:36, arriving in  Norwich at 8:55. The fee is 14.08 pounds and the reference number is YV651F9C.
thank you so much!|enjoy your stay in cambridge
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|what would you like to know?
I am looking for an attraction called camboats, can you get me the address and postcode?|Yes, of course. The address of camboats is the plough, green end, fen ditton, and the postcode is cb58sx.
Thank you.  I would also like some help finding a train.|Sure I can help with that. Where are you departing from and going to. What time would you like to depart and on what day would you like the train?
I'd like a train to London Liverpool Street that leaves after 10:00.|OK, let me see what I can find.
I will be leaving from Cambridge on Friday.|TR1750 leaves at 11:59 would that work for you?
Yes. Can you book it for 5 people and can I have the reference number please?|Of course. The reference number is 8W9IC5MU and the total is 83 GBP. Can I help with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you.|Okay! Thanks for using our service.
I need help finding train to Lodon Liverpool Street.|Thank you, I see there are several to choose from.
I need it to arrive by 19:45 on Sunday and I'm leaving from Cambridge.|Train TR1163 leaves at 05:59, is that okay?
Yes, I'd like to book it for 3 people. Could I get the reference number as well?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.83 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 121NE14K. Can I help with anything else today?
Can you find me an expensive restaurant in the centre, please?|There are 33 results.  Can we narrow down by type of food?
I would like a restaurant that serves venetian food, please.|There are no expensive venetian restaurants in the city centre. Is there another food type you want?
Sure, how about some British food?|There are 3: Fitzbillies Restaurant, the Cambridge Chop House, and Midsummer House Restaurant. Do any of these sound good to you?
Are all three of these expensive restaurants? If so I'd like to try the Midsummer House Restaurant. May I get their address please?|Yes Midsummer House Restaurant is expensive, it's located at Midsummer Common.  Would you like me to help you make a booking?
That was all the information I needed, thank you!|Thank you for using our system!
I need a train on wednesday .|I can find a train for you! What is your preferred point of departure and where would you be going?
I am going from Cambridge to Norwich.|There are 19 trains from Cambridge to Norwich on Wednesday. Is there a time you'd like to depart?
I want to leave some time after 15:30.|I have a train leaving at 15:36. Would that work for you?
Yes.  Please book for 7 people.  Please confirm with reference number.  We are also looking for a place to eat in the north that serves kosher food.|Your booking was successful and your reservation number is  R82TUJXN.
We are also looking for a place to eat in the north that serves kosher food.|There are none in that area. Another type perhaps?
Bummer.  I could try Chinese.  Is there anything in the north?|I am sorry there is none even in the North
Are there any Chinese restaurants in the North area?|I have found 3 chinese restaurants in the north, they are either expensive or moderate in price range. Do you have a preference?
I prefer an expensive one.|Okay, there are two options. I recommend hakka. Do you want me to book a table for you?
Yes, please book for 7 people on wednesday at 11:45|Sure thing, booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 5MSHI9TK. May I assist with anything else?
No, I think that's it. Thanks for all your help today. Goodbye.|Thank you for allowing me to help you.
I'm looking for things to do, specifically a theatre in the north, what kinds of things are there to see like that?|There are no thatres in the north, perhaps another area or type of attraction.
What kind of parks are available in the north?|I have just one park. It is Milton Country Park located in the north. They offer free admission. They are located at Milton Country Park, Milton. Their phone number is 01223420060.
Great!  Thanks for the information!|Do you need help with anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for a train departing Cambridge on Tuesday.|There are quite a few trains leaving Cambridge on Tuesday. Where is your destination?
I'm going to peterborough.  I need to be there by 8:30|I have train TR0162 that departs at 07:06 and would get you there by 07:56. Would that work for you?
Yes please book for 3 and provide reference number|Yes your reference number is CDE66IYU. and your reservation is set.
I'm sorry, could you actually amend that train reservation for 2 people instead?  Also, I will need the postcode for Milton Country Park we talked about earlier.|Yes, the reservation has been amended for 2 people. Your new reference number is BMDA0BI1. And the postcode for Milton Country Park is cb46az.
Thank you!  That should be all I need today.|Great! Have a nice day.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|sure, what can i help you find?
I would like a train that leaves after 13:00 and goes to Cambridge from Stansted Airport. I'd like it to be on Tuesday.|TR6312 departs at 13:24 and arrives by 13:52. Would you like a ticket?
yes, make a booking for 1person  Make sure you get the reference number|I will take care of that booking for you now.
Wait, I made a mistake.  I am going from Cambridge to Stansted Airport.  Leaving Cambridge after 13:00 on Tuesday.  I still need just 1 seat.|There are 5 results matching that request. What time would you like to arrive?
Arrival doesnt matter, but it should leave after 13:00. Whatever you recommend. Please book 1 seat. I'll need a reference number as well.|I have booked you on train ID TR8714 leaving at 13:40. 10.10 GBP will be payable at the station and your reference number is I6L9J4IP. Can I do anything else?
Yes please. I also need a place to stay in the west with free wifi.|Is there a price range you'd like?
I don't care about the price.|I have two guesthouses and two hotels. Which do you prefer?
I'd like anything with 4 stars. It should have free wifi and parking, in the west|May I recommend the cambridge belfry located on back lane, cambourne. Would you like me to book you a room?
Just my self for two nights starting on sunday.|Would you like me to book it?
Yes, please. I will need a reference number, if possible.|Your booking was successful and your reference number is 9AH9X57T.
Can you provide me with the telephone number to Cambridge Belfry Hotel in case i need to get further assistance on directions.|you can call them on 01954714600.
perfect. that'll be all. Thank you and have a great day.|I am glad to help. Enjoy your stay !
I'd like to find a train that will arrive in Cambridge by 19:30.|I found several trains for you! Where would you be departing from?
Norwich on Tuesday.|TR2175 will arrive in Cambridge at 18:35. Would you like tickets on that train?
Yes I'd like to book that train for 8 people and also need the reference number please.|Booking was successful! Your reference number is PLBFMNS9 .
could you tell me some of the places to go in town? college-like|There are 18 of them both free and with fees. Is there a specific area you'd prefer?
No preference. Would you recommend one?|I can, but to narrow it down more...were you looking to pay fees to get in?
Yes.  Please let me know the area and the entrance fees.  Thanks for your help!|I would recommend clare college, the entrance fee is 2.50 pounds.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
What part of town is it located?|It is located in the west. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you, but that is all.|You are welcome.  Have a great day.  Bye.
African food in the cetre of town /|It seems there is one restaurant in the centre of town, Bedouin. Would you like to make a reservation?
Is it in the cheap price range?|No, it is in the expensive price range. Would you like me to book you a table?
no i need cheap. is there one that serves spanish food?|La raza serves cheap spanish food. Would you like me to book you a table?
Well, would you be able to give me the contact information, address and postcode? I want to be sure it's close to where we're going that night.|The address is 4 - 6 Rose Crescent, phone number is 01223464550, postcode is cb23ll
am also looking for a train. The train should leave after 15:00 and should leave on sunday|What is your destination?
I would like to arrive in Cambridge.|Excellent. And where are you coming from?
I will be departing from London Liverpool Street.|Ok, I have Train TR6946 leaving at 15:39 and arriving by 17:07, would you like me to book a ticket?
Yes please, just one ticket and I'll need the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 13.28 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : GSIGVNEW.
That is all I need. Thank you.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre service!
Can you help me find a train to cambridge?|I sure can!  Where are you departing from?
I need to leave Kings Lynn on Tuesday after 15:15.|We have eight trains leaving for Cambridge that day after 15:15. Is there any time you prefer?
No, as long as it's after 15:15. What times are available?|Trains leave at the following times: 16:11, 17:11, 18:11, 19:11, 20:11, 21:11, 22:11, and 23:11. Which would you prefer?
The 16:11 train would be fine. I'll need the booking for four people. Can I also have the reference number please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 86PRM3M8.
I also need reservations for thanh binh.|What day and time would you like the reservation for? Also, how any people?
I want to reserve a table for Tuesday for 4 people at 20:45.|Your reservation for 4 people at thanh binh this tuesday at 20:45 was successful. Your Reference number is : AB4V9SVP.
Thank you, that's all I needed for today.|Have a great day!
Hi.  Can you please help me find a train to Leicester.  I need to leave on Monday.|Do you want to arrive or leave at a certain time?
Yes, I need to leave sometime after 20:00 from Cambridge.  It doesn't matter when I get there.|Okay TR9424 departs at 20:21. Would you like me to book that for you?
Could you book a trip for five people, and give me the reference number?|I have those seats booked for you. Your reference number is Q0B623JD. You will pay 189 gbp at the station.
Thank you that's all I needed today.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I want a train leaving from stevenage|When would you be departing and where would you like to go?
I would like to leave on Friday, and arrive in Cambridge by 11:30.|There is a train leaving Stevenage at 9:54 on Friday arriving in Cambridge at 10:43.  Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes, that is perfect.  I need 5 seats please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 64 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 8NKI5WL2. is there anything else i can help you with?
Yes I also need information on a place to eat called the cow pizza kitchen and bar.|The phone number is 01223308871. It is located on corn exchange street.
Could I get a reservation for 5 people at 16:00 on friday?|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : GT4M0UVD.  What else can I help you with today?
Nothing, thank you. That's all I need. Goodbye.|I'm glad I could help. Have a wonderful trip. If you need anything else, don't hesitate to call us. Goodbye.
Could you help me with a particular attraction in Cambridge?|Sure! What type of attraction were you looking for?
I am looking for an attraction called Camboats. I need the address, please.|The plough, green end, fen ditton,	post code cb58sx. Anything else you need?
I would like a train the departs from cambridge and should arrive by 12:00.|Where are you headed to?
I need to go tot he Standsted Airport on Tuesday.|There are six trains on Tuesday that would get you to the airport by 12:00. They run every hour starting at 5:40. Which departure time do you prefer?
I just need to make sure I arrive by 12 pm.|How many tickets do you need?
I need 8 tickets please.|I have booked the train your reference number is L2E6AQ2L.
that is all i wanted for today. have a good day|Thank you have a nice day.
I love swimming!  Can you recommend a pool in Cambridge?|Parkside Pools is located in the centre of town. Would you like the address?
No thanks. But can I get the phone number and postcode please?|Sure, their phone number is 01223446100 and their postcode is cb11ly. Is there anything else I can help you with?
i am also looking for a train that leaves after 18.00 on sunday|Sure, I would be glad to help. Where will you be departing from? Is there a particular time you'd like to arrive by?
I will be departing from Cambridge to Leicester. The arrival time does not matter as long as it leaves after 18:00.|The first train leaving cabridge for leicester on Sunday is TR9517.  It leaves at 18:21.  Would you like me to book a seat on that train?
Yes, please for one. I will need the reference number|I have it booked for you. Your reference number is knutp0u4. Can I be of further assistance?
No thanks, that's everything!|Glad I could be of assistance. Have a great day!
Can you get me a train leaving after 18:15 departing from cambridge?|Sure! What day are you leaving? Where are you heading to?
I need to go to Norwich on Friday.|There are several. You can leave as early as 18:36, and as late as 23:36. Trains are every hour. Which would you like?
18:36, please. Book for 8 people. Give me the reference number.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is: CXC7G5W9. Can I help with anything else?
Thank you, can I also get a place to stay with free wifi and parking?|how about archway house?
Is it in the south?|aylesbray lodge guest house fits that criteria and is in the south.
Can you please provide me with the address, postcode and phone number?|01223240089 is the number and postcode is	cb17sr  address is 5 mowbray road
Thank you so much for your help.|Not a problem, have a good day!
Hi, I need a train out of Cambridge, thanks!|Sure, where will you be traveling to?
I will be going to london liverpool street.|There are 70 trains available. Is there a specific day and time you would like to leave or arrive by?
I would like the train to leave on friday after 15:30.|TR9956 I believe would be my choice.  Thank you.
OK, can you book that for 8 people, please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 132.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : SEJBN5KV.
Great, can't wait! Are you able to help us find a cheap Chinese restaurant somewhere near the city centre, also?|Certainly! There are 3: Charlie Chan, Rice House, and Golden House. Do any of these sound like they'd be to your liking?
Yes, all of them are.  Can you get a table for all 8 of us at Charlie Chan at 12:15 for the day we travel?|Unfortunately I wasn't able to make that reservation. Is there another date or time you would like me to try?
Could you try 11:15, please?|I was able to get you at table at charlie chan at 11:15 for all 8 guests.  Your reference number is YZERKJXH.  Anything else I can help with?
Nope, that'll be everything I need!|Have a nice visit
Hello, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves british food please|I have 6 expensive British restaurants. Is there an area of town you'd like to be in?
No, there is no particular area I would like to be in.|I would recommend the grafton hotel restaurant, located at Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton on the east side of town. Do you need more information?
i would also need the phone number|01223241387 is the phone number. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'm looking for a train that's heading to Cambridge by 14:45.|OK, what is your departure station and what day are you traveling?
I'm departing Leicaster on Wednesday. I need a booking for 1 person with a reference number please.|I'm sorry, there are no trains that meet your criteria.  Do you have any alternative options?
I do not, thank you for the information|Okay, may I help you with anything else?
Are you sure there are no trains from leicester to cambridge on wednesday before 14:45? That seems odd to me.|sorry, there are no trains from leicester to cambridge on wednesday.
I really only need a train for that route. Thanks for your help.|Okay, sorry about that.  I hope we can help you in the future.
Hey, I'd like to find a hotel in the north, today.|I have 13 hotels in the north. What type of hotel did you want?
I want one with moderate prices that has free wifi.|I have five hotels that match your requests.
Do they include wifi?|Yes all of them do. May I recommend something to you?
I am open to any hotel that matches my requests. I need it booked for 1 person, 3 nights starting thursday|Okay. I would like to recommend the Acorn Guest House.
Ok can you book that for me and get me a confirmation number|May i please have your details (Name, ID, Phone number, email) so i can go ahead and make the booking for you?
You have all the information you need.|I made the booking for you.  Your confirmation number is DN8DIW5T.  What else can I do for you?
I need a train.|I'm going to need more information than that. Where will you be departing from, and what is your destination? And do you have a date and time in mind?
What fun places can I visit in the East?|We have five spots which include boating, museums and entertainment.  Any preferences that you have?
I don't have a preference. Which place would you recommend?|I'm fond of the Cambridge Museum of Technology. Would you like more information on it?
What is the entrance fee?|It is 5 pounds to get in.
Great, thanks! Can you help me find a train going into Cambridge as well?|I certainly can!  Where would you be coming from and what day and time?
I am leaving birmingham new street and going to cambridge; I need to travel on Friday and arrive by 13:15.|TR0497 arrives by 12:23. Would you like a ticket?
Yes please. Book the train for 2 people. Please include the reference number.|Reference number is : PYPBSAXI. Is there anything else?
That's everything. Thanks again and have a great day!|Enjoy your trip!  Have a great time!
I'm so tired. Really need a place to lay my head for the nights. Can you find me some 3-star lodgings somewhere in the south?|Absolutely!  There is the Bridge Guest House which is moderately priced and The Lensfield Hotel which is more expensive. They are both 3-star establishments in the South.
Does the Lensfield Hotel include parking?|Yes, it does include parking. Would you like me to make a booking?
Yes please book that for 6 people starting Thursday for 5 nights? I need the reference number as well.|Your rooms for 6 have been reserved at the Lensfield Hotel. Reference number: P00B5C1R. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes please, I  need a trains going to london liverpool street.|Sure. Where will you be departing from?
I'll be leaving Cambridge on Tuesday and need to arrive by 13:15.|I've booked 6 tickets for you.  The total is 99.6 GBP and your reference number is VZX1QAGN. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that seems to be everything. Thank you.|Perfect. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I am looking for a train to cambridge that leaves on Saturday.|I am getting the train schedule on my computer as we speak, where will you be coming from and what time?
I'm leaving Ely and want to be in Cambridge by 12:15.|We have four trains arriving by 12:15. Is there any particular time you would like to leave by?
No, I don't need to leave by a particular time. I want to arrive by 12:15 though.|TR3052 will arrive at 11:52, would that work for you?
Yes, it would. Please make a booking for 3 people and provide the reference number. I will also need a place to stay.|booking was successful, the total fee is 10.56 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : QSAS4UNL. what else can i do for you
I am also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should have a star of 4.|We have many to choose from, would you like a recommendation? or is there something specific you want?
No you can choose one for me.|Ok, I recommend Alexander Bed and Breakfast, it's a cheap 4-star hotel in the centre, would you like me to make reservations for you?
Yes please, 4 people for 5 nights on saturday.|Okay. Your booking was successful! Your reference number is JVTIZ6EI. Can I help with anything else today?
Thank you goodbye|Happy to be of help, and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Yes, I would love some help finding a train. I would like to leave Cambridge headed to Bishops Stortford.|I have found 70 trains that will get you there. Do you have a specific day in mind?
I want to leave on Thursday.|There are 10 trains on that route Thursday, what time would you like to depart or arrive?
I want to arrive by 15:00|I have train TR0927 arriving at 14:07 is that okay with you?
That is fine.  Please book it for 7 people and provide the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.7 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : PQQVSRVH. anything else?
I'm looking for a hotel as well. I need it to be moderately priced in the east, with free wifi.|There are three guesthouses that meet your criteria. Would you like a recommendation?
Yes please that would be wonderful!|I recommend the Warkworth House.  It's a 4 star moderate goes house with wifi and parking.
That one will work. Please book it for Tuesday. 2 nights, 7 people.|Okay you are booked for the Warkworth House and your reference number is 5D2ZGIE. Can I help you with anything else?
That will do it.   Thank you for your time and helpfulness.|You are very welcome. Have a great morning.
I'd like a train to Leicester to arrive by 9:45.|Okay, where would you like to depart from?
I'd like to leave from Cambridge, please.|There are 28 trains, do you have a day preference?
I need to leave on Tuesday.|Train TR2863 leaves on Tuesday at 7:21 and arrives at 9:06. Would you like me to book?
I sure would, thanks.  I will need seats for 8 people.|Your reference number is : XNMIHQHK, the total fee is 302.39 GBP payable at the station.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thank you. Have a great day!|You as well, enjoy your trip!
What does Cambridge have for parks on the east side?|There is one park on the east side of town. It is the Cherry Hinton Water Play Park. Would you like the address?
Yes, and the postcode, please.|The postcode is cb18dw. Can I help you with anything else today?
What is the address?|I apologize.  The address is cherry hinton hall, cherry hinton road.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I need train tickets.|Sure, I can help you with that.  Can I get more information about when you would like to travel ?
Yes, I'd like to go from cambridge to bishops stortford.|Okay, what day and time would you like to travel?
I'd like to leave after 10:00.  I need you to book it for 3 people.  I'll need the reference number.|Ok I will book it for you
I need a 4 star hotel in the east, please.|Sure.  There are six different options in that area.  What were you looking for as far as price range and amenities?
It really doesn't matter. I don't need internet.  I just for sure want a 4 star place.|Might I suggest the Autumn House. It is a cheaper guesthouse that offers both free parking and free internet. Would you like more info for them?
I think this is what I needed. Thanks.|Is there anything else that you need?
I need a room for 4 for 4 nights starting on Tuesday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 544D87NG.
Thank you! Can you also get me a train going to Cambridge that day?|Sure! I just need to know where you plan on departing from and what time you'd like to leave.
I am looking for a restaurant in Cambridge called Nandos City Centre.|I know that restaurant well.  It is a Portuguese place located on Andrews Street.  Can I make a reservation for you?
No, I don't think I'm ready to do that yet.  Can you just tell me where it is on Andrews Street?|The address is 33-34 Saint Andrews Street
Okay great. I am also looking for a train that goes to cambridge & leaves after 08:30.|There are over 1,000 trains that arrive in Cambridge after 8:30. What location are you leaving from and what date are you leaving?
I'm leaving on tuesday and from Norwich|Okay there are two trains. One leaves at 5:16 and the other at 6:16. Can I book either of these for you?
No, those won't work at all. As I said, I need to leave after 08:30.|How about TR4134, it leaves at 09:16
That's perfect. I need to book the train for 3 people. Once it is booked, can I have the reference number?|I have it ready, you will pay at the station. Your reference number is fp0gzttn. Can I be of any further help?
No, that is all. Thank you.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is all, thank you. Have a great day!|You as well! Thank you. Goodbye!
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at that has a 4 star rating. Can you help?|Sure, we have many. Are you looking for anything else specifically?
Yes, I need internet and free parking.|To help narrow this down, can you tell me what area of town you'd like most?
Yes, I would like to be in the north. Oh and I would like to be in the expensive price range.|unfortunately i don't have anything that meets all those criteria. is there anything you'd like to change?
No I will figure something out|Is there something else I may be able to help you with today?
I lied. I don't need free internet and parking.|One more time let me know exactly what you need by looking at what you wrote down on your right, so we can book you.
i need an expensive hotel in the north|There are no hotels that meet that criteria. Would you like to search for something else?
Hi, I need to take a train on Sunday that leaves after 08:45.|Where are you departing from?
I'm departing from Cambridge and need to go to Leicester.|I have train TR3371 that leaves at 09:21 and arrives in Leicester at 11:06. Would this work for you?
Yes, that will work. Please reserve 7 seats on it for my party and I.|Here is the booking information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 211.67 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : B7ID18CR.
I'm also looking for information on the huntingdon marriott hotel.|It is an expensive 4 star hotel located at kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon on the west side of town. Phone number and postcode are  01480446000 and pe296fl.
That's perfect, thanks!|Can I go ahead and book this for you?
no, i just need their address.|It Kingfisher way in Hincibrook buisness park,huntington
Find me a train from london kings cross to cambridge please|sure, what day are you traveling?
I'll be traveling on monday|Could I get the time you would like to leave or arrive?
I would like to travel on monday, and arrive by 12:45|There is a train that arrives at 12:08. Would you like to travel on that train?
Yes, that would be fine.|TR5720 leaves london kings cross for cambridge at 11:17 cost is 23.60 pounds. Can I book a seat for you?
Yes for 8 people please. I will also need a reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 188.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 096H57VB.
Thanks, i'm also looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves french food.|Cote is a french restaurant in the centre. Would you like to make reservations?
No thank you but I do need the phone number, price range and postcode.|It is in the expensive price range, phone number is 01223311053, and postcode is cb21uf
Thanks so much. That's all I need today. Good-bye.|welcome and thanks for inquiring with us
Find me a train out of stevenage for Wednesday|Is there a time you'd like to leave or arrive by?
Yes, I'd like to arrive in Cambridge by 8:30.|TR9448 is available, would you like to book that one?
Please. I'll need 7 tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 89.6 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : E05ZQIF7. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I'm also looking for a cool college to visit in cambridge. Do you have any recommendations?|corpus christi is very popular. It is located in the town centre. The number is 01223338000. Can I help with anything else?
That's all I needed to know, thanks for your help!|Thank you for using our service today.
No problem.|Thank you for using the Cambridge Town Info Centre Services!
Are there any trains that arrive in Cambridge before 11:45?|Yes there are.  We start in early morning on most places.  Where will you be coming from and on what day?
I am leaving broxbourne on saturday.|TR2025 will arrive by 11:32. Do you need anything else?
Yes, would you please make a booking for 8 on that train.|The booking on Train TR2025 was successful for a party of. The Reference number is : IHPHIR7N.
Great, thank you. Can you also help me find a place to stay that has free parking?|There are 29 hotels and guesthouses that have free parking. What area are you looking into?
A hotel in the heart of the center of the city that is a two star hotel or a hostel. But is has to be in the center of the town.|I'm sorry, there are no matching hotels or guesthouses.  Can you try a different star rating perhaps?
As long as its in the centre and has a moderate price range its ok if it isnt a 2 star hotel. What options do I have?|I'm sorry, I'm not seeing anything in the center area with a moderate price range and free parking.  Are you flexible at all with this?
Sure, I can be flexible.  How about in the north?  I need it for 8, for two nights starting Saturday.  I need a reference number also.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : HZKM08KO. is there anything else i can be of help?
Thank you. That is all that I need.|It was my pleasure to assist you today. Please let us know if we can be of further help. Good-bye.
What have you got on the west side, in the way of places to stay offering free wifi?|I have two guesthouses and two hotels. Any preference?
That doesn't matter to me but I do want to make sure I stay somewhere with free parking.|I would recommend the Cambridge Belfry Hotel.  It is 4 stars and has excellent ratings.  Would you like more information?
Yes, could you tell me the postcode and the price range?|The Cambridge Belfry post code is cb236bw and it is fairly cheap compared to other hotels in the area.
That would be fine. I also need a train that leaves after 21:30 on wednesday.|I'd be happy to help. Where are you traveling to?
I will go to London's Kings Crossing from Cambridge.|I have only found 1 train from Cambridge to London Kings Cross on Wednesday.  It leaves at 23:00.  Will that work?
That would be just fine can you book that for 6 people?|Your reservation for 6 on the TR7942 train was successful, the total fee is 141.6 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is : 4SU5FYGN.
Thank you! That's all I need. Goodbye.|You're very welcome! Goodbye!
I am looking for a train to Cambridge that arrives by 12:15.|I'd be happy to find you a train; where will you be traveling from?
I will be leaving from cambridge and it should go to leicester.|I booked the train for you, it is train number  TR7195 , reference number RT2NOVFD. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all. Thank you very much.|Are you certain you don't need further assistance?
Actually, are there any parks in the east?|Yes, there is Cherry Hinton Water Play park on the east side. Entrance is free there! Would you like any other information about the park?
Yes, can I please get the address and the entrance fee? Thanks.|Sure, it's at cherry Hinton hall on cherry Hinton road. There is no fee.
Okay.  That's all I need now.  Good bye.|You're welcome please let me know if you need anything else.
Hi I am looking for a place to go in town, I want to see multiple sports in the centre of town.|I do not have any places with sports in the centre of town, I'm sorry.
How about a museum then?|There are 11. Did you want the museum to be free to enter?
Doesn't matter. Can you get me the postcode and phone number?|Okay, we got the broughton house gallery.  It's number is 01223314960 and the post code is cb11ln.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I am also looking for a train leaving on Saturday and arriving by 13:45.|Departure location and destination, please?
I will be departing from Bishops Stortford and going to Cambridge.|TR6163 is available and will leave at 5:29 and arrive at 6:07
Are there tickets available for four people?|There are! I've booked 4 tickets for you. The total fee is 32.32 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : 5CJVK4K8. Is there anything else?
No, I think you covered it. Thanks so much.|You are very welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo centre.
I want a train out of Stevenage on Saturday.|Alright, did you have a certain destination in mind?
I want to arrive by 11:30 at Cambridge.|There are three trains, one arrives at 6:43, one at 8:43, and one at 10:43, which would you like to book?
The one arriving at 10:43. I just need 1 ticket and a reference number please.|Great! I've booked your trip on Saturday leaving Stevenage and arriving in Cambridge at 10:43. Your reference number is 5CWS7ER4. Is there anything else I can help with?
I also would like to find an italian restaurant to eat at in the west.|There are two options. Prezzo is moderately-priced and La Margherita is cheap. Would you like me to book a table for you at one of those?
La Margherita is perfect for me, please book me a table at that one.|What day and time would you like the table at La Margherita?
Saturday at 15:15.|I was unable to book a reservation at La Margherita for Saturday at 15:15. Is there another day or time that you would like?
Could you see if there's anything at 14:15?|The booking was successful . Your reservation number is C9SBUT9T. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's it.|Okay, Thank You. Goodbye.
Can you help me find a train leaving on thursday going to cambridge?|sure, where are you departing from?
Departing from Broxbourne and leaving after 17:00.|TR1828 is leaving at 17:32, would you like to do that?
Yes please. I need reservations for two people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 35.79 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 8BR3OQ5V.  What else can I assist you with today?
Thanks.  I am also looking for an expensive place to stay in the north part of town.|Unfortunately, I don't happen to have any places that are expensive in the north. Can I look for something else for you?
Could you please double check to make sure? if that's really the case then try the center|I'm sorry, but the north does not have anything to meet your needs. There are, however, 2 options that meet your needs in the centre. One 3 and one 4 star.
Can I get more info on the 3 star one?|Sure, Gonville Hotel is a 3 star rating hotel located at Gonville Place.  It offers free parking and free wifi.  Would you like me to reserve a room?
Yes, for 4 nights from Thursday, and 2 people.|Done! Your reference number is V43NQGH7. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm planning my trip there, but need to find a train for when I depart. Could you help me with that?|Sure. From where will you be departing, and what is your destination?
I'm leaving from Cambridge and going to Birmingham New Street.|There appear to be hourly trains from 05:01 to 23:01. Do you know what day and time you'd like to travel?
Wednesday and it should leave after 18:00.|The TR1766 leaves at 18:01 and arrives at Birmingham new street at 20:44.  Would that be OK?
That sounds good.  Can you book that for me for 3 people?|Ok, I have booked you 3 seats on that train.  Your reference number is MI5RMEHQ.  You'll need to pay 225.3 GBP at the station. Anything else I can do?
Can you also direct me to some attractions in town in the east?|Of course! There are several attractions in the east. I'd suggest Cambridge Artworks; it's a museum with free entrance. Would that work for you?
That would be perfect. Can you give me the address and the phone number?|The address is 5 greens road and the phone is 01223902168.  Is there anything else that i can do for you?
No, that is all. Thanks for your help.|You are welcome.  Have a great trip.  Bye.
Please find me a train from cambridge to stansted airport|Sure, I can do that but first I need a little more information. What day would you like to travel as well as departure and arrival times?
Saturday leaving Cambridge anytime after 20:00 please|TR3128 will leave at 20:40 and arrive by 21:08. Do you need more information or would you like to book tickets?
Can you book me 6 tickets please?|You're all set. Total for tickets is 48.48 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is JD6SA21J.
I am also looking for The Riverside Brasserie.|riverside brasserie is a modern european restaurant in the centre. Its address is Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane and postcode is cb21rt. Want to book it?
Yes, I would like to book it and get a reference number.|Unfortunately, I cannot book it at this time.
Can you try for Saturday at 13:00?|How many people will be dining?
6 people will be dining|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 3VX3AOKS.
Thanks for everything you have been great!|Thank you is there anything else today?
No that is all I needed. Thank you ever so kindly.|Wonderful. I'm glad I could help. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Yes, I need a train to Kings Cross on Tuesday.|Okay. Where are you departing from?
The main City Hall|I don't show that there are any trains departing from City Hall. Would you like another departure site?
Yes, please. I will departing from Cambridge.|And what time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I need to leave by 17:00.|There is a train at 17:00 going to Kings Cross. Would you like to book a ticket on that one?
I apologize. I meant to say that I need to leave sometime after 11:30.|Is there a time you need to arrive by?
No, there is not. Any will be fine. I'll need tickets for 4 people, please?|Booking was successful! You leave at 15:00 and arrive at 15:51. Reference number 68ATC774.
Okay, great. I'm also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the east.|There are 7 available options in the east.  What price range would you like?
How about something moderately priced?|The Carolina Bed and Breakfast has both wifi and parking. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes for 5 nights from Thursday for 4 people.|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I need a train from london kings cross to cambridge please.|There are 70 trains leaving from London Kings Cross to Cambridge. Is there a particular time slot you would like?
I need a train that leaves after 10:15 on Tuesday.|I've got a train leaving 11:17 and arriving at 12:08, will that work for you?
Yes, that would be perfect, please book that for 6 people please.|Your total fee is 141.6 GBP payable at the station and your reference number is UQ49PB37.
I'm also looking for a museum in town. Can you recommend something?|There are 23 options. Would you like to search by area?
How about the centre?|Broughton house gallery is always lovely. That's located right in the centre and it's free to visit. Does that work?
Yes. May I have their postcode please?|Their postcode is cb11ln. Anything else?
No, that's all! Thank you so much for your help!|That's great to hear, I'm so glad to be of service. If at any time you need information about our lovely towne please remember to contact the Cambridge TownInfo centre!
Can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the west side of town?|Certainly! There are two great restaurants that meet your criteria. The first in La Margherita and the second is Thanh Binh. Would you like more information on one of them?
Does it serve creative food?|Unfortunately, no. La Margherita is an italian place. And, Thanh Binh serves vietnamese.
Thanh Binh would be perfect.|Would you like for me to make you a reservation?
yes, I want to book a table for 6 people at 12:00 on sunday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : H0BFXWTP. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, could you find me a train from ely that same day?|Where would you like to go to?
I would like a train to Cambridge, arriving by 09:45.|TR3207 will arrive by 07.51. Should I book it?
Yes,  book that for 6 people. I would also like the reference number.|Your booking was successful. The total fee is 113.28 GBP, which is payable at the station. Your reference number is A5ZWGBQ3.
thanks so much you have been very helpful|Thank you for using the Cambridge Town Info Centre Services! We hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge
I need help booking a train to cambridge today.|There are many trains going to cambridge today. Where are you leaving from and what time do you want to depart or arrive?
I want to leave London Kings Cross on Monday and arrive by 18:15.|I have train TR7556 arriving at 18:08,is that okay?
I will need that for eight people.|Great your booking was successful and your reference number is TESIIRJ1.
Thanks can you also help me find some food?|Absolutely! What type of cuisine are you interested in trying?
The restaurant should serve italian food and should be in the south. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range|Frankie and Bennys fits your criteria, shall I book you a table?
Yes please, for the same group of people on the same day at 21:00.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : UA39MMKX. You're all set. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thanks that's all goodbye|Thank you for calling and enjoy your dinner.
Hi, I am looking for some train information for my trip.  Also, I can't wait to try some of your local restaurants.|Ok.  I can help you with both of those.  Where will you be leaving from?
I'm leaving from birmingham new street on saturday.|TR7802LEAVES 09.40. WHAT KIND OF FOOD DO YOU WANT
I'm not sure it that option will work for me. I need the train to go to Cambridge and arrive by 9:00.|I have several options, would you like me to book that for you. How many passengers would you have?
Yes please. I need to book for 8 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 480.64 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : LW32MFA7. is there anything else i can help you with?
Yes. I want to eat at an Indonesian restaurant in the center area of town.|I'm sorry there are no matches. Would you like me to check a different area or food type?
Yes, let's try North American food, please?|I do have one place. Gourmet Burger Kitchen is expensive and in the centre. Do you need a reservation?
Yes, please. Is there something available for 13:15 on Saturday for all 8 people in my group?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : Z4WQXEDR. Is there anything else?
Thank you that will be all. Bye!|Good day, enjoy your time in Cambridge.
Can you help me find a guesthouse that includes free parking?|Definitely! Do you have a particular price range or area in mind?
I need something cheap, but I am hoping for at least 4 stars. Is that possible?|We have a guest house that fits your description in the east, the west, and the center. Do you have a preference for location?
How about the guesthouse in the west? Do you know if they offer internet?|Yes and free parking as well.
Thank you, I also need to know if theres a train that leaves from cambridge after 14:15.|Okay! Where are you going?
I will be going to Ely.|What day are you leaving?
I'm sorry, the train I'm looking for should depart Friday and go to London Kings Cross, not Ely.|The TR2420 leaves at 15:00 and that's the earliest one I can get for you.
I need 5 tickets for that one.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 118 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 71ZIVN5S. Is there anything else I can help with?
That is all. Thanks so much!|Is there a taxi I may book? Or would you like more info on anything?
no I think that is it thanks so much for all of your help today you have been great|You are very welcome.  Have a nice day.
Hello, I'm looking for a train that departs from Cambridge and leaves after 21:45.|There are quite a few options open to you, is there a particular destination you have in mind?
I would like to go to broxbourne|There is no train leaving at 21:45, but there is train departing at 21:59  do you want that train?
Does the train leave on Friday?|I apologize. That train does not leave on Friday. For Friday, I have two trains. One departs at 22:01 and the other at 23:01. Does one of these work?
Yes, the 22:01. Book that for 2 people. I need the reference number too.|Your reservation is confirmed forTR9312 Leaving Cambridge at 22:01, arriving in Broxbourne at 23:01. Your reference number is 59C0U68K. Total fee is 35.79, which is payable at the station.
Great, thanks. Can you also provide me with some info on a restaurant called Travellers Rest?|Absolutely!  That is a British restaurant on the west side of town.  It is considered to be in the expensive price range.
Could you please make a reservation for us at 11:15 on the same day?|I'm unable to make that reservation for that time. Would you like to try a different time?
How about 10:15?|Your table is reserved for 10:15. Your table will be held for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : 3H26GVJV. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all that I needed.  Thank you for your help!|It was my pleasure to help you today. Enjoy Cambridge and text us back anytime!
Can you help me find an expensive hotel in the south to stay at? Thanks.|Yes, there is The Lensfield Hotel. It is located on 53-57 Lensfield road. Their phone number is 01223355017.
Do they have a guesthouse available?|No I am afraid there ae no expensive guesthouses in the south.
How about one in the moderate price range?|yes! i have two you may choose from!
Could you pick the better of the two and tell me the star rating?|The Ayesbray Lodge Guesthouse has a four star rating. Would you like me to book a room?
No, just get me their phone number and I'll give them a ring|The phone number for Aylesbray Lodge Guest House is 01223240089. Is there anything else I can help you with?
My friend recommended Little Seoul, but I need some help locating it.|little seoul is in the centre of town at 108 Regent Street City Centre, the phone number is 01223308681.
Great!  Can you help me book a table for Wednesday?|I'll be happy to book you a table for Wednesday. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes make a booking for 5 people at 15:15 on wednesday.|Your booking was successful and the reference number is B0ZSF0CI.
Yes, I need a train departing cambridge going to leicester.|I found 133 trains for you, what day would you like to leave?
I want to leave after 13:15 on Thursday.|train id TR1160 fits your criteria. can i book for you?
Yes, please book it for 5 people.|Done! Your total is 189 GBP (you can pay at the station) and your reference number is 4VLDG178. Can I assist you with anything else?
No, that was it. Thank you for your help. Good bye.|Bye! Have a great day!
I need a train from cambridge on sunday.|There are several trains that match the criteria. what time do you want t leave?
I am thinking the morning would be better for me.|I can try to find something for you in the morning. Do you have a more specific time in mind?
I'd like to leave after 09:00 and head to Peterborough.|I have train TR3211 that leaves at 09:06 and will have you in Peterborough at 09:56. Would that work for you?
Yes please make a booking for 4 people.|I am trying to book you on Train ID TR3211 and the cost for one person is 13.2 pounds. Please may i have the data of the four passengers?
Just need the four tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is L3RH9ZWP. Do you need anything else?
I also need information on  a hotel called hobsons house.|Hobsons House if a guesthouse located in the west and is moderately priced.  It has a 3 star rating and is located at 96 Barton Rd. Book it for you?
No thank you. I just need their phone number for now.|their phone number is 01223304906. is that all?
Yes, that is all I will be needing for now.|Okay, have a great day!
I'm looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves indian food.|Curry Garden at 106 Regent Street City Centre fits your criteria. Would you like me to book it?
Yes please, what are their hours of operation?|What day and time would you like to book a table?
On Friday please at 19:30 for a party of 5 please.|Your reservation has been made for friday at 19:30 for 5 people at Curry Garden. The reference number is APDCC4GS. Thank you and have a nice day!
Thank you for your help.|You are very welcome. Have a nice day.
I would also like to book a train departing from Cambridge after 15:30.|I'm happy to help with that. Where would you like to go? Do you have a day in mind?
I'd like to go to Stansted Airport on Saturday. There will be 5 of us. Can you book that?|5 tickets for train TR0638 departing from Cambridge at 15:40 and arriving at Stansted Airport at 15:08 this Saturday. The fee is payable at the station. Reference number: MVIBVUVE.
Thanks thats all.|You are very welcome. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No thank you. You've been very helpful.|Have a great day.
Thanks, you too, can I just close this dialogue?|Yes you are all set thank you for using our system.
I would like to take a train to leave cambridge.|I have 1,414 trains that are departing Cambridge this week. What day will you be traveling on?
I'm going to peterborough on wednesday|The TR3347 meets your current criteria, but you have a lot of options. Would you like to narrow it down further by departure time or arrival time?
I need to arrive by 20:30.|TR0797 leaves cambridge at 19:34 and arrives in peterborough at 20:24. Would you like to book tickets for this train?
Yes please. I need tickets for 5 people and a reference number.|Your booking was successful. The total for 5 people is 82.5 GBP and your reference number is 4G3J82OG. Is there anything else I can help with?
I need a guesthouse that has free wifi|There are lots of options.  What area would you like to stay in?
I'm not picky. Where would you recommend that is in the moderate price range? I'll need free parking, too.|There are 12. Is there a star rating you would like?
Honestly, I always stay at the same place when we travel there, so I could really use a recommendation. Any one will do just with wifi and moderate pricing.|I would recommend the Kirkwood House. It is located in the north. It has 4 stars and free parking and wifi. They are located at 172 Chesterton Road.
Yes, I would like to book this.  There are 5 people that will be staying for 4 nights starting Saturday.  Can I get a reference number?|Your hotel has been booked. Your reference number is ZNMV4ENM.  Can I be of further assistance?
Thank you very much. That is all.|You're welcome, I was glad I could help. Don't hesitate to contact us if you think of anything else you need.
I need a train from stevenage to cambridge|There are 70 results. Is there a certain day and time you'd like to leave?
I need to leave on saturday and arrive by 18;30|TR0545 can get you there by 16:43, would you like me to book a ticket?
Yes please get me 5 tickets for that|Booking was successful, the total fee is 51.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : DZN9X4BU. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant in the west.|There are 9 restaurants in the west that are considered expensive. You have a choice of Thai, Indian, British or European. Which do you prefer?
I'd love to have some Indian food.|There are 5 Indian restaurants that meet your needs. Would you like for me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please! Can you make a reservation at your favorite for the same group of people at 21:00 on the same day as the train?|Ok, I've booked you and your guests for Saturday at Tandoori Place, 68 Histon Road Chesterton, Reference # 170ZCNIC.
Thank you very much.|enjoy your stay in cambridge
Hey!  Yeah I am looking for a cheap place to eat in Cambridge.  Particularly interested in international food.|If you're interested in cheap international food, I recommend dining at The Missing Sock located at Finders Corner Newmarket Road.
That sounds great.  Can you book me a table for 12:00 on Sunday for 5 people please?|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : RTMFJMPT.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all  needed , good bye.|Thank you have a great day.
I want a train leaving on sunday.|Yes sure. I will need your departure and arrival destinations.
I am leaving from Stevenage going to Cambridge.|I have 10 trains for you. What time would you like to arrive by?
I would like to arrive by 12:00 please.|Okay, how about the TR7802? It departs at 09:54.
That's fine. Could you book this for me, there will be 5 people.|I have booked 5 tickets from Stevenage to Cambridge living on Sunday at 9:54 and arriving at 10:53.  Your total fee is 51.2 GBP. Reference # is GZ0LOZQV
Thank you. Can you also help me find a place to stay?|Sure, I can help you with that.  Did you have a specific area of town you were looking at?
I would like to find a moderately priced hotel in the center with free parking and wifi.|I don't have anything that meets that criteria. Would you like to try a different area or price range?
How about one in the north?|Yes, there are 9 places to stay! Would you like to stay in a hotel, or in a guesthouse?
It doesn't matter to me. Whichever place you recommend will be fine. I'll need to book for the same people, same day, and 3 nights.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : S9RCTPPN
That you, thats all I needed today.|Ok! Have a wonderful day!
I need a train that departs from cambridge and should leave on thursday.|What is you destination?
I am heading to Peterborough and need it to leave after 13:00.|There is a train at 1:06 pm on thursday, it is a 50 minute ride. Should I book?
Yes please book 7 tickets.|Reference number is : G2KRNAR7. AND PRICE IS 115.5 GBP
Thanks. What's interesting in the way of attractions in the centre of town?|All Saints Church on Jesus Lane is very interesting.  Admission is free and it has the most impressive architecture I've seen.  Does that interest you?
Definitely - can I have their phone number?|The phone number is 01223452587, is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for your help, I think that will be everything today!|Okay. Glad I could help.
I am  traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.|Great! Cambridge has many restaurants! Is there a certain type of food you'd like or a certain price range?
Maybe I should figure out my train first.  I am departing from Ely on Friday and want to get to Cambridge by 9:30.|The TR8510 leaves at 07:35 and arrives by 07:52. Would you like me to book tickets?
Yes, please. I will need 5 tickets.|Okay, your booking was successful. Your reference number is EVDO33LE. 22 GBP is your total and it's payable at the station.
I am also looking for a restaurant in the West and really want to have Brazilian food.|that type of food is not served in the west. can we change location?
let's change location and the restaurant should be in the expensive price range.|It looks like there aren't any expensive Brazilian places in the city.  Would you like me to check a different price range?
Can you see if there are any expensive european food?|Cambridge Lodge Restaurant will fit your needs. Would you like for me to book a table?
Yes please, 5 people on friday at 13:30|Booking was successful! Your reference number is : JQ9093PX.
I think that should be it for today! Thank you so much for your help, you've been very kind!|i am glad i have been of help. good day
Have a great day.|have a great day and thanks for staying with us
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|Do you want to stay in a certain area?
No,I am actually looking for information about trains going from Cambridge to Norwich on Sunday.|There are 19 trains available on that day. Do you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
Arrive by 11:30.|I'd recommend TR4969. It arrives by 10:55. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, please book 3 tickets.|I have booked 3 tickets on TR4969. Your reference number is MPL4USAC and the total fee is 42.24, payable at the station. Can I assist you with anything else?
Great I'm also looking for a place to stay in the expensive price range with free parking.|What area of town could you like the hotel to be located?
I would lkle to stay In the north please.|There are none with that criteria in the North. Shall I change or try another area?
Could you try a cheap one then?|I have 2 guesthouses, when are you planning your stay, I am sorry
I need a cheap guesthouse in the north.  I'm looking for information not reservations.|Ok great. There are two places available. I highly suggest the Worth House. What information do you need?
Could you tel me the star of the hotel?|It is a 4 star hotel.
great, thank you for your help. goodbye|Thank you for reaching out to Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
Hello, I am looking for some good Australasian food. I would like an expensive restaurant also.|I don't have matches. Do you have any other food preferences?
And I would like something Australasian, or if you can't find that, Chinese, at least.|Great, we have several Chinese restaurants that are expensive. Do you have a preference on what area it is in?
Any area is fine with me, I can drive there.|Is there a certain price point?
I would like a Chinese restaurant the is expensive.|The Yu Garden is highly recommended, shall I book a table for you?
Yes a table for four please.|what day and time?
Wednesday at 14:45 if that is not available please try Saturday at the same time. Can you send a reference number please?|Booking was successful for Wednesday. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : VRHKSK2R. Can I help with anything else today?
I actually need a train from london liverpool street to cambridge, I want to arrive by 10:30.|Sure, I can help you with that.  Was that for the same day?
Yes please. for 4 people as well.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 66.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : X5HDVSZ6. Anything more?
no that is it. thanks for your help|Thanks for letting us assist you! Have a great trip!
I want to go to a restaurant in the south of Cambridge that serves Spanish food.|There are no restaurants in the South that serve Spanish food. Would you like me to try another area?
Sure, what is the closest restaurant nearby?|I have one in the centre of town would that be okay?
I would prefer it to be in the south and be expensive.|I am very sorry, but the only Spanish restaurant I can locate is in the centre and has moderate price range.  Can I give you more information on it?
Can you find me a cheaper place. The type of food doesn't matter.|The dojo noodle bar may be a good option for you.
Sounds good.  Can I get the postcode please.  Also, I am looking for a train that departs from Cambridge on Thursday.|The postal code for the Dojo Noodle Bar is cb21rq.
The train I need would be departing from cambridge on thursday after 08:30 and arrive to peterborough.|Train TR4863 leaves at 8:34 and arrives by 9:24, would that work for you?
Yes, that would work out just fine.  I need to book for 5 and get the reference number too.  Thanks for your help!|Reference number is : IPBCT9UG. Is there anything else?
No that is all! Thank you!|Your very welcome. Have a nice day.
You too! I hope you have a great day. Thanks for your help.|You're welcome, glad I could help.
Are there any concert halls in the center of town?|I have a listing for the man on the moon,can I get you any other information?
Yes I would need the postcode, entrance fee and phone number.|Sure, the post code iscb12lf and the phone # 01223474144. Unfortunately, we don't have the information on the entrance fee.
Thank you. I also need to find a train going to cambridge.|Okay, what day will you be traveling and where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving on Wednesday from London Liverpool Street|What time will you be traveling?
I need to leave after 12:15.|TR2826 leaves from london at 13:39 and arrives at 15:07. Fare is 16.60. Would you like me to book seats for you?
Yes, I need one ticket, please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : V5YS30VP. Can I help with anything else today?
No thank you that will be all|Have a nice day.
Let's find me an expensiove place to eat in the centre|sure i have 33 options for you
How about you pick one and reserve a table for 5 on sunday at 11:45, and I'll need that reference number too.|Sure! I've booked you at Fitzbillies at 11:45 on Sunday for 5.  Your reference number is Y5EX13L7.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great can you also help me get a train? I'm looking to go to ely and arrive by 21:30|On what day will you be leaving?
I will be leaving on Monday|TR5484 leaves at 13:50 and costs 4.40 pounds. is that fine with you?
Yes, but i need to book four more people as well.|So I have 5 tickets booked. The reference number is YD9YNVV4.
Thank you very much.|Thank you. Is there anything else?
No, that's all. Good bye|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
I need a train to Stevenage. I need to get there by 16:45.|I found 42 trains that arrive in stevenage.  What day are you traveling and where are you departing from?
I'm traveling on Wednesday and departing from Cambridge.|TR7245 arrives closest to your requested time, it departs Cambridge at 15:21 and arrives in stevenage at 16:10. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes, I'd like a booking for 2 people, please.|Alright, you're all booked! Your reference number is VHB237PP. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes, I'm looking for a hotel that includes free parking as well as free wifi.|I found 29 hotels do you have any other requirements?
I need one in the expensive price range.|Great, we have 5 options, express by holiday inn cambridge, gonville hotel, huntingdon marriott hotel, the lensfield hotel and university arms hotel. Can I book one of these for you?
Does the university arms have an availability for 3 nights for 2 people starting sunday?|Yes! I have booked a room for you at the university arms. Your reference number is JELU5HY6. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
That should do it.  Thank you very much!|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I hope you have a nice day too.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre
Yes, I'm going to need a train on Sunday.|There are 404 trains departing on Sunday. Can you give me a departure point and a destination point, please?
i want to go from norwich to cambridge|Is there a certain time you would like to leave Norwich by?
I would like to arrive in Cambridge by 14:15.|I have eight trains arriving by then, how many passengers?
I need a booking for two passengers.|Booked, Your reference number is 845YKY14. You pay 28.16 at the station. You will leave at 12:16 and arrive at 13:35. Trainid: TR5225.
Great. thank you that is all I needed.|Glad I could be of assistance. enjoy your journey. Do not hesitate to call if you need us again.
Can you help me find a train leaving on tuesday going to cambridge?|Sure, where are you leaving from and any certain departure or arrival times?
i'm leaving from birmingham new street after 18:30|I have the tr6741 leaving at 18:40 how many tickets would you like?
Great! Can you book for 4 people, please? I'll need the reference number.|Absolutely. Four tickets have been booked for this route and your reference number is 6YC0WN0E. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yeah I am also looking for a hotel by the name of lovell lodge.|Lovell Lodge is a moderately-priced 2-star hotel in the north area of town. They're located at 365 Milton Road, cb41sr.
You are thorough, I would like to book my group a 4 night stay there, please.|What day will you be arriving?
I want This to be on Tuesday|How many are in your group?
Four people please.|Okay that booking was successful. Your reference number is JGZHQJD7.
Thank you so much. That's all for now.  Good bye.|Thank you for using our service!
Hi, I am looking for information on a train.|You came to the right place!  Where would you like to go?
I'd like to go to Cambridge and will be departing from Peterborough.|What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I'd like to arrive by 10:30 on Thursday, please.|Great!  I found 9 trains that match your requests.  I'll be happy to book one if you'll let me know how many tickets you need.
I need to book seats for 4 people please, and can I get the reference number for that?|First let's verify which train you want. The TR1719 will have you at your destination around 10:09.
Yes, that sounds perfect.  I'll need 4 seats.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 66 GBP payable at the station . Your reference number is : P6G0S9IT. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a hotel in the west with free parking please.|Do you care about the price range? I have one cheap and one expensive hotel that fits your current criteria.
I actually need a guesthouse instead of a hotel, please.|I have two guesthouses. Would you like a cheap one that is a 4 star, or a moderately priced 3 star?
I would like find some information about a train. Specifically, I'm looking for details about a train that leaves Tuesday after 11:15.|Can I get information on where you will be departing from?
Yes, I'll be departing from London Kings Cross.|The TR7850 leaves London Kings Cross at 11:17 and arrives in Cambridge at 12:08. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes please book it for 5 people and give me the reference number.|The reference number is 6SCORZPY.
I am also looking for a restaurant that serves modern european food in the expensive price range.  What do you find available?|The only place in town like that is Darry's Cookhouse and Wine Shop. It's in the center of town. Would you like a table?
Can you just give me their phone number and postcode?|Certainly!  Their phone number is 01223505015 postcode cb11n.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all I need. I appreciate the help.|You're quite welcome. Goodbye!
Could you help me locate a restaurant in the east area of town?|Absolutely, there are quite a few restaurants. Can you help me by specifying what type of food you're looking for?
I am interested in an expensive restaurant.  See what's available, and maybe I can choose from there.|I have five places, what type would you prefer?
Italian would be great.  I also need a train to Cambridge that arrives on Tuesday by 15:30.|There are no Italian places to dine, is there another food you would prefer before we book the train?
any expensive restaurant will suffice. Reserve it for 8 people at 18:30 on tuesday and I'll need the reservation number please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 51VEERAC.
I also need a train to Cambridge departing from Stevenage.|What day would you like to travel on?
I'll be traveling Tuesday, and need it booked for 8. Could I also get the reference number for that as well?|The first train leaves Stevenage at 05:54 and every two hours thereafter until the last train at 23:54. What time would you like to leave or arrive?
Anytime would be great, I'd like to book it for the same number of people as my restaurant.|Ok, I've booked your party on TR0517, it leaves at 11:54.  Reference number is IAYFJ8SI.  Total is 102.4 GBP payable at the station.  Anything else I can do?
Reference number is IAYFJ8SI, that will be all|Great! Have a great day!
I am traveling to Cambridge and looking for a restaurant in the cheap price range in the cente.|Sure. I have 5. How about the rice house? They serve chinese. Or dojo noodle bar, the serve asian?
Lets try rice house.|Sure thing! Their address is 88 Mill Road City Centre, would you like me to book you a table now?
Actually can you check for a place that serves Vietnamese food?|There are no vietnamese restaurants in my system, I'm sorry.
No problem. How about indian food?|There are 5 indian restaurants. The curry garden is in the expensive price range and is in the centre of town.
Please book for 8 people. Friday at 18:45. Reference number, please.|Your booking was successful and your reference number is UQ9QFHX2. May I assist you with anything else today?
I also need a train to bishop's stortford.|Sure thing. There are lots to choose from. Can you tell me more about your departure location and preferred day and time of travel?
Yes, I would prefer train and would like to arrive by 09:45 on saturday.|I found two trains for those specifications, will it be the same 8 people with you?
Yes it sure will, what are the times you've got on those two?|The first will leave at 5:29 and arrive at 6:07. The second leaves at 7:29 and arrives at 8:07.
I would like to book the train arriving at 8:07 for 8 people. Can you do that? I will need the reference number.|There is a train leaving cambridge on Saturday at 07:29. Would that work for you?
Yes that would work, please book for my party.|Eight people are booked. The reference number is 1G47DQTH. Your train ID is TR3062. The total fee is 64.64 GBP. May I help you with anything else?
Thank you so much, that should be it!|Thank you and enjoy your visit.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|Okay, what kinda of information are you looking for?
I am looking for a hotel on the east side.|There are several. Is there a price range you prefer or any amenities that you require?
I really don't care if it has free parking.|express by holiday inn cambridge is a 2 star expensive hotel in the east side. Would that one work?
Yes it would. I'd like to book this Thursday for 2 nights, for 7 people.|I can book that now.
Yes please do that for me and give me the reference number.|Ok. The booking was successful.  Your reference number is OBFYQJZU.
I will also need a train.  I'm traveling on Thursday to Cambridge.  Can you help please?|Certainly. And where will you be departing from?
I want to depart from broxbourne after 16:00|and for how many people ?
It  will be for five people please.|The TR0579 departs at 16:32.  Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please and I need a confirmation number.|I'd be happy to help with your request, first I'll need to know how many tickets you'd like to reserve?
It will actually be for 7 people please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 125.29 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : UN5K7FML.
Thank you that is all the information I need today.|You're welcome.  Have a nice day.  Bye.
I would like to come visit cambridge and need a train.|Where will you be departing from?
I am leaving from Birmingham New Street and want to leave on Tuesday.|Sure, is there a particular time you'd like to either arrive or leave by?
I need a train that will leave after 12:15 please.|TR0734 leaves at 12:40, would that be okay?
Yes, can you please make a booking for 4 people?|Okay, I've done that for you. Your reference number is G1ZZIBBD
Thank you. I'm also looking for a hotel called cityroomz.|I've found cityroomz.  Would you like a room booked?
Yes, please book the room for 4 people and 4 nights starting from Tuesday.|Your Cityroomz reservation has been made and your reference number is 0R3345MS. Can I help you with anything else?
No that is everything thank you|Okay great, have a good day!
I'd like to find a train leaving on Friday to Cambridge.|There are 1414 trains heading to cambridge do you have a location you're leaving?
I will leave from Birmingham new street, and arrive by 13:15 if possible.|TR0497 arrives in Cambridge at 12:23. Would you like to purchase tickets?
Yes please, book 4 tickets for me.|Booked, reference number is T610U5HK. You pay 300.39 GBP at the station. Your train leaves at 9:40.
Thank you very much.  It looks like i am all set.  Have a nice day.|It has been my pleasure. Please feel free to contact us again if you require any further assistance!
I'm looking for a train that leaves on friday|I have several trains leaving on that day.  Where are leaving from and your destination?
I am traveling from Kings Lynn to Cambridge.|Okay, we have 19 trains leaving on friday.  Do you have any times you wish to leave and arrive by?
Arrive by 10:45.|I have the TR1612 that leaves friday at 9:11 and will arrive at 9:58. Would you like me to book that?
Yes please book for 1 person and provide me with the reference number.|I booked it for you. Your reference number is GWME416R. Is here anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I am also looking for a 3 star guesthouse that's moderately priced and has wifi.|You have 3 choices: one in the south, one in the north, and one in the west. Would you like to book a room at one of these?
What's the name of the one in the south?|The bridge guest house. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is its address?|The phone number is 01223247942 and postcode is cb28rj.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that should be all.  Thank you!|You're welcome, have a great stay.
Hi, I am planning a trip to Cambridge soon and could use some help with a train.|Sure, I can help you with that. Where are you departing from?
I will be departing from Ely.|I have 70 trains departing from Ely to Cambridge, what day are you planning to travel on?
Leaving on Monday after 9:15. I would like a booking for 3 people and the reference number as well.|There is a 9:35 that arrives at 9:52.  How does that sound?
That sounds great! I need to book that for three people.|Your reference number for TR2987 is 8QYPSGFH.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Could you also look up the hotel called Hobsons House?|Yes, the Hobsons House is a guesthouse in the west area. It's moderate in price with three stars. Would you like to make a booking?
I would like to book it for 3 people for 5 nights starting on monday.|All set your reservation number is V3HJ3TKN.
Awesome, thanks a lot! Have a great day!|Thanks for using our service today!
Hey thanks for helping, it really means a lot to me.|any time. great day
I'd like a train heading for Cambridge from Peterborough, please.|Certainly!  Did you have a travel day in mind?
I will be traveling on Saturday.|The first train leaves peterborough at 05:19 the last leaves at 07:19 would you like tickets?
Yes, for 8 people please.|I have 8 seats reserved for you. Your reference number is O2j7w28g.
Awesome. I'm also looking for the gonville hotel.|I can help you with that.  What kind of information did you need about the Gonville Hotel?
I would like to book it for the same group for 4 nights on Saturday as well.|How many rooms would you like to book for that group?
Uh, I thought I told you 8.|I have your rooms booked. The reference number is 9wy58ojm. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all I needed. Thank you so much!|You are quite welcome. Have a lovely stay! Goodbye!
I am looking for a train departing from Cambridge after 10:00.|I found this booking for you. Can I book it?
I didn't tell you where I am going, how could you book it without that information?|My apologies.  I found a train leaving Cambridge for London Kings Cross on Friday, leaving at 13:00, for 23.60 pounds.  Will that work for you?
Actually I need a train for Sunday leaving from cambridge, going to birmingham new street departing after 10:00.|Cambridge to Birmingham on Sunday, right.  We have 10:01, 11:01 and so on, every hour for the rest of the day. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes, please make the booking for 1 person.|I've booked you on train TR5401 Sunday leaving Cambridge at 10:01 arriving at Birmingham New Street at 12:44.  Your total is 60.08 GBP and your reference number is 0HN9YSKR.
Thank you I'am also looking for  hotel called Alexander bed and breakfast|Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a cheap 4 star guesthouse located in the centre of town. Would you like for me to book a stay for you?
No. Thank you. Can I have the address please?|The address is 56 saint barnabas road, postcode cb12de. Can I help you with anything else?
That takes care of everything for today. Thank You!|You're welcome. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I am looking for a train leaving from Birmingham New Street and arriving by 16:00.|There is a train every hour from Birmingham New Street to Cambridge starting at 5:40. It costs 75.10 pounds and is 163 minutes.
I think that would be too late. I also need it on Monday, not right now.|On Monday the TR3734 arrives by 15:23. Would you like to book some tickets for that? Or perhaps an earlier train if you think that's cutting it too fine.
I think that would be good, can you get me 4 tickets?|Booking was successful. The total fee is 300.39 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is GXTXW2EM. Is there anything else I can help with?
I also need a restaurant in the expensive price range and should serve european food|OK, I have a few options, what side of town would you like that on?
Could you make that on the north side please.|There is one expensive European restaurant in the north - City Stop Restaurant. Would you like to reserve a table there?
No, I just need the postcode and address as well as a phone number.|The address is Cambridge City Football Club Milton Road Chesterton. The postcode is cb41uy. The phone number is 01223363270. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that is everything I need for my trip. Thank you!|Thank you for contacting us.  Have a good day.
You're welcome. You, too.|Please give me a call if you need any assistance during your visit
I am looking for information in Cambridge|great, what would you like to know?
I would like to find a place with multiple sports in the centre of the city.|Unfortunately, the only multiple sports place I have is in the east. Is there something else you might be interested in?
How about a college instead?|There are quite a few. Some have entrance fees while other are free. Do you have a preference?
No, no preference. Which one do you recommend?|Christ's college is in the centre of town. Would you like some information on it?
Yes, may I have their address and entrance fee?|There is no entrance fee for christ's college and it's address is saint andrew's street.
Great. I also need a train for Thursday. Can you help with that?|Yes, but first I need more details about your trip.
I am leaving cambridge and would like to arrive at 18:00|the tr8272 leaves at 05:00
I need it to leave after 09:15 from London Liverpool Street. Can you find me a train and book it for 1 person?|TR0998 leaves at 09:39. I have booked it for you. Reference number: JW1DTLPN.
Thank you, have a good day.|Thank you! I hope you have a wonderful trip! Goodbye.
Can you help me find a 4 star hotel to stay at that has free wifi? Thanks.|I have three hotels that have those requirements.  I have 2 expensive and one cheap in pricing. Which would you be interested in?
That doesn't matter as long as I'm in the east part of town.|I'm sorry. There are no hotels matching that criteria in the area you are interested in.
Can you please check again? Hopefully, there was just an error in inputting the information into the search system. Thanks|I am sorry there is still no match coming up for your criteria. Would you like to try a different part of town?
Can you check for a guesthouse with those requirements mentioned above?|Yes, there are 6 options. What is your price range?
I am looking for information about museums in Cambridge, please.|What area would you prefer? I have multiple venues for you.
I wanted to visit a museum in the centre of town.|There is the Broughton House Gallery if you are interested?
I sure am. Can you tell me what the Entrance fees are and the address and phone number?|The phone number is 01223314960. There is no entry fee and the address is 98 King Street. Is there anything else?
i also need a train that leaves after 08:00 on thursday departing from ely going to cambridge.|TR2029 is the earliest train. It will depart at 9:35. Would you be interested in booking this train?
Yes. Please book the train for 3 people.|OK, you have 3 tickets reserved on TR2029. Your reference number is GBHP4IM5. Can I help you with anything else?
That will be all, thank you!|You are welcome.  Have a nice stay in Cambridge.  Goodbye.
I am looking for an expensive 4 star hotel.|I have 2 options for expensive hotels. One at kingfisher way, huntingdon. The other is at regent street.  Would you like to consider one of these?
I need one in the north and a guesthouse.|There are no guesthouses in the north that meet your criteria. Can I check for hotels or another area perhaps?
Is there a 4 star guesthouse in the north that is in the moderate price range instead?|There are seven of them. I can recommend the archway house if you would like  It has free internet and parking.
Oh great thanks, that's all I needed!|You're welcome. Have a good day.
Hold on, is there any trains leaving Cambridge that arrives by 11:30?|to what destination? there is one to London Liverpool street arriving at 09:27, will that do?
I need a hotel with a star of 4 that offers free wi-fi.|There are three hotels that offer wifi and are 4-star. The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel, The Cambridge Belfry and University Arms Hotel. Would any of these suit your needs or do you need more information?
Which one is a moderate price range?|There are not any moderate priced hotels available. The Cambridge Belfry is inexpensive, while Huntington Marriott Hotel and University Arms Hotel are both expensive.
I think I'd prefer one of the expensive options. Which is your favorite?|I would recommend the Huntington Marriott Hotel, which is located in the west part of town at kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon. Would you like to make a reservation?
No. I think I am all set.|Great.  I hope you have a good day.
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|Are you looking for a certain type of attraction in cambridge?
I need a train going to Cambridge, departing from London Liverpool Street on Tuesday and would like to arrive by 12:45|The TR0088 departs at 9:39 and arrives at 11:07
I'd like to book for 6 people.|Alright!  That's taken care of and your reference number is ZM4QYUPU.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you give me info on museums in town?|There are 23 musuems to choose from.
Do you have a favorite?  Pick one for me please.  I need the postcode.|The museum of classical archaeology is in post code cb39da. Is there anything else that I can help you with??
I would also like information for a restaurant near the museum.|Okay. Would you like to narrow it down by food type or price range?
I actually don't need anymore information, thank you.|Very well, we are here if you changed your mind, have a great day.
I am looking for a moderately priced hotel that has free wifi.|No problem. We have 17 such candidates. Do you want to specify further?
I am looking for a hotel in the west and it doesn't need to have free parking.|There are no hotels in the west, moderately priced with internet. Would you like to braoden your search?
Let's try for one in the north area instead.|The only thing available in the north is a guesthouse with the internet moderately priced with 4 stars.
That's fine. I would like to book it for 3 people for 5 nights starting on Tuesday.|I appreciate your help. Thank you
What was the name of the hotel please?|There actually is a moderately priced place in the west with free wi-fi. It is a guesthouse called Hobson's House. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes please. Can I get the reference number too?|The booking was unsuccessful. May I book you for another day or a shorter stay?
how about for 3 days?|Yes, indeed! I can make a booking for three people for three days. The reference number for that booking is 463S05XE.
Thank you very much! Can you also help me find a train? I am looking for one that leaves from Cambridge after 11:00 and goes to Kings Lynn on Friday.|There are 13 possibilities. Every ride is 47 minutes and the cost is the same. Is there a certain time you'd like to arrive?
I'll take the train that is closet to 11:00 please.|There is one leaving at 11:11. How many tickets do you need?
I need tickets for 3 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 29.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : RQ12EQA0.
Thank you! That's everything I needed. Have a great day!|You're welcome, have a nice day.
I need a train that leaves on Wednesday after 17:00|There are 152 trains on Wednesday. What are your departure and arrival stations?
I would like to go to cambridge departing from norwich.|Are you able to tell me your preferred departure and arrival times?
I would like to leave after 17:00.|There are 7 trains that depart after 17:00 on Wednesday, would you like me to book the 17:16 train for you?
Please book it for two people and send the reference number.  We are also looking for a moderately priced place to dine in the town center.|TR 2379 from Norwich to Cambridge on Wednesday at 17:16 is booked for 2, reference number D5S6B0GC. There are many options for dining, for kind of food do you like?
The type of food doesn't matter. I need to book a table for two at 21:00 on Wednesday.|I tried to book you at table for two at the Yippee Noodle Bar but they have no available reservations.  Did you want to try another day or time?
Can you see if there's anything at 20:00?|Ok, that worked. Your table is booked, and your reference number is 5QH1PWGZ. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all thank you very much.|Okay, thank you, goodbye.
I'll be visiting Cambridge soon and would like some information on Hughes Hall.|It is a college located in the centre of town.
Can you give me the area, address, and entrance fee, please?|it is located in 	wollaston road,cb12ew. entry is free and is in the centre.
Perfect! I am also looking for a train to Kings Lynn leaving after 10:00|I have 98 trains to kings lynn leaving after 10:00. Do you have a more specific time frame?
i'm leaving on a tuesday|TR7548 leaves for Kings Lynn at 10:11 and arrives by 10:58. Will that work for you?
Yes. Can you book 7 tickets please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 68.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : RWVC9XY8.
Thank you!|is there anything else i can help with ?
No. Thanks for all your help. Bye!|Thank you for using this service goodbye
Hi. Are there any trains from Peterborough on Sunday?|Where would you like to travel and what time would you like to go?
I am going to Cambridge and I have to leave after 21:15.|There are a number of trains you can choose, the earliest one being at 21:19 and the latest at 23:48.
Book the earliest one for 4 people.|Okay, booking was successful. The total fee will be 52.8 GBP and your reference number is VFUX9JT1. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I'd also like to find lodgings on the west side of town.|There are two hotels and two guesthouses on the west side of town. Is there a certain price range you prefer?
A hotel that includes parking.|Sure! How about the Cambridge Belfry? It's cheap with four stars. Would that work for you?
Yes that will be fine as long as it includes free parking.|Yes, it does! How many nights would you like?
I would like to book it for 4 people and 4 nights starting on Sunday.|I am sorry, they are unable to accommodate those dates. Can you shorten the stay or try other days?
Can we try booking it for just one night then?|Thank you, I was able to book you for one room on Sunday for 4 people. The Reference number is 08QSW5MB. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that's all I needed today. Thank you so much.|If you need anything else, let us know. Good bye.
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|What type of information are you looking for? I can helpp with dining, hotels and entertainment.
I need a train on friday going to ely from cambridge arrival by 13:00|I have 4 trains that meet your needs. Would you like to book tickets?
book for 2 people and get me the reference number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 8.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 8BUQLIK8.
Great! I also need to have some north american food in the west part of town.|I'm sorry, we don't have any north american restaurants in the west area. Would you like to try a different type of food?
Could you look again for places that serve North American food in the West.|The only north american restaurant in the city is in the centre. Would you like more information about that?
How about an intalian restaurnat in the west area?|I have two.  One is moderately priced, and one is cheap.  Do you have a preference?
The moderately priced one will be fine. I'll need it booked for the same day, same people, and at 10:15.|You are booked the reference number is 3ICEL34F, can I help with anything else?
Great that was all I needed today, thank you|You're very welcome!  Have a great day.
Hi there. I want to come into the Cambridge area and thought of an airplane but its is extremely costly. I am wondering about a train instead.|We have dozens of trains into Cambridge every day. Where will you be coming from, and on what day?
I'll be coming in from Broxbourne on Sunday. I want to arrive by 19:30. Can you help me?|I have 5 trains leaving broxbourne heading towards cambridge. Do you have an arrival time?
Yes, 19:30 like I said previously. I will need 2 tickets.|What time would you like to leave?
I want to leave at 19:30 and need two tickets. Please send me the reference number and telephone number to the train company.|Is there a certain time you need to arrive by. I have several options.
I need to arrive by 19:30.|I'm sorry but just to clarify.  Are you hoping to leave or arrive by 19:30?
I would like to arrive in Broxbourne from Cambridge by 19:30.|I havea train that arrives at 18:32 Should I book this for you?
Yes, please. Can you book me for 2 tickets?|Done! Your reference number is 7VR15FZ8. The tickets come to 28.64 Pounds, payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes please. I need to find a hotel on the north end of town. An expensive hotel.|Unfortunately, there are no expensive hotels in the north. Do you want another area or a different price range?
Yeah, moderate would be okay as well.|Do you have a star preference?
Yes, it should have four stars.|How about the acorn guest house?
that will be fine.|Would you like me to book it for you?
NO, i just need  you to get phone number and postcode|OK, phone number is 01223353888, postal is cb41da, can I assist with anything else?
no thats all thanks|No problem, have a great day.
Hi, what can you tell me about the  bangkok city restaurant?|Sure! It serves Thai food and is located in the centre. Would you like to book it?
Yes for 2 at 19:30 on Sunday please. I need the reference number then too.|I've booked that for you and your reference number is X4W3U0LM.
I'd also need a train leaving the centre going to kings lynn and arriving by 17:00 on monday.|I can certainly help with that. Could you just verify your departure point for me?
Yes, it should depart from Cambridge.|the  earliest arrives by  17.58
Ok, I think that should be fine. Can you make a booking for me?|sorry, the arrival time is actually 16:58. how many tickets would you like?
I need tickets for the same group of people going to the restaurant with me.|I have booked train TR2324. The total fee is 19.6 GBP which is payable at the station. Your reference number is EGIIL92A.
Thank you so much.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is it. Thank you so much.|Well we are here to help. Enjoy your time here !
Thank you for your assistance.|Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
Can you tell me anything about cafe jello gallery?|Yes, the Cafe Jello Gallery is a museum located at 13 magdalene street in the west side of town. Would you also like their phone number?
Yes I would.|The phone number is 01223312112. Do you need the postcode?
No, but I am looking for a train from Ely on Thursday.|There are 10 trains that day. Is there a particular time you'd like to leave or arrive?
i would like to arrive after 2:00 in the afternoon.|We have the TR0813 that arrives at 11:52 on thursday. Does that work?
I think that could work please make a booking for 6 people|Booking was successful! Your reference number is GXIE5O8F. You have to pay 26.4 GBP at the station.
Thank you very much that is all I needed. Have a good day.|You're welcome, and you have a nice day as well!
Are there any expensive restaurants in the centre of town?|There are over 30. What type of food are you interested in?
Any type would be good. Can you recommend one?|the bedouin serves african and is the expensive range? would you liketo book a table.
No thanks. Can you tell me the address of the restaurant?|They are located at 100 Mill Road City Centre
Great.  I am also looking train schedules, leaving from Stevanage and going to Cambridge.|What time will you be departing?
I need to leave sometime after 11:00 and I need tickets for 7 people.|Great, I'll be happy to look into this for you. What day would you like to leave? Do you need to arrive by a certain time?
I'd like to leave Sunday, and it doesn't matter when I arrive.|There is a train from Stevenage to Cambridge Sunday at 11:54, it arrives at 12:43 costing 10.24 GBP per ticket. Would you like me to book this train?
Yes, please. Can you please be sure to tell me the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 71.68 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : JCN15KC1. Will you need anything else?
No that's all. Thank you. Goodbye.|Enjoy your trip.
Where can I find a moderately priced restaurant that serves European food?|I have a number of restaurants available. Is there a particular area of the city where you would like to go?
I would prefer the centre of town.|I highly recommend Riverside Brasserie. It's located at Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane. Is there anything else i can help you with?
can you book a table for 3 on monday at 18:45|Yes for sure! That booking was successful and your reference number is L6EX6O5W.
Thank you. I need to find a train from Cambridge to Birmingham New Street leaving on Tuesday and I need it to arrive by 12:45.|I have train TR0077 that leaves at 9:01 and arrives at 11:44. Would you like me to book it for you?
That sounds perfect. Could you book it for the same group of people, please?|I booked it for you. reference number is J92CR71U. Anything else today?
You are great thanks !|You're welcome. Did you need more help?
That is everything that I need.|Glad I could help. Have a great day.
I am looking to book a ticket for 2 people for the tuesday train leaving from cambridge and arriving by 10:30 at broxbourne|I've booked 2 tickets for you on TR7656 ref#IBECBEPN. The total cost is 35.79 GBP. Is there anything else I can help with today?
Great thanks! That will be all!|Let us know if you need more help, good bye.
Hi, I'm looking for a train departing cambridge that leaves after 21:45.  Can you help me with a reservation?|Absolutely I can help with that. What day and to what destination are you traveling?
I am traveling to london kings cross from cambridge.|All trains leave at 23:00,what time would you like to arrive?
I do not have a specific arrival time.|Do you have a day you will be traveling?
I will be traveling on Saturday.|the TR4898 leaves at 23:00. do you want a ticket?
Yes for five please.|I made reservations for you your reference number is 0F1R2M73.
Thanks! I also need a guesthouse to stay in in the north.|There are 11 great guesthouses to choose from. Would you like free wifi or parking? Also what price range were you looking for?
It doesn't need to have free parking and price doesn't matter. I will take a suggestion as I'm not familiar with the area.|I would recommend limehouse, a 4 star guesthouse located at 78-80 milton road. Would you like to book a room?
Yes I would like to book it for 5 people.|What day will you be checking in?
I actually don't need to book. I would just like the phone number, postcode, and price range.|Limehouse is a moderately priced establishment. They're in postcode cb42je and their phone number is 01223300552. Is there anything else you want to know? Or anything else I can help with?
No that's everything I needed. Thank you!|Thank you, Have a great day.
I am looking for a palce to stay in cambridge that includes free parking and has a 4 star rating|I have 19 results. Would you prefer a certain area or price range?
Cheap price range and a guesthouse.|ok, that helps me narrow it down a bit. Which side of town would you like it to be on
I'm not too concerned with area. Which would you recommend, and do they have internet?|The Allenbell is very nice. It is also cheap and has 4 stars. Would you like me to book this?
The Allenbell sounds great. Can I get their phone number and postcode please?|The number is 01223525725, and the postcode is cb12de.
Thank you.  I also need a train on Friday.|I will need a bit more information.  Where will you be departing from and what is your destination?
The train departs from King's Lynn on Friday at 12:30 and goes to Cambridge.|I can not find a train leaving at 12:30. Would a train at 13:11 work for you?
Yes, that would work for me. Can you book me 4 tickets please?|You are all booked for train TR0674 at 13:11. Your total fee will be 39.2 GBP, payable at the station. Your reference number is WJXW4VRV. Anything else for today?
Thank you. That's all I need for now.|I hope you have a nice trip.  Goodbye.
Can you suggest any local restaurants in the centre that serve fusion food? Thanks.|Unfortunately, there are no restaurants meeting your criteria.
Okay, in that case, can you recommend something else in the centre that is moderately priced?|I don't see any restaurants matching your criteria. Do you have any other criteria I can search for?
Can you check for british food instead?|I have 5 would you like m to recommend one?
Yes, that would be great!|You should try the the copper kettle at 4 Kings Parade City Centre. Would you like me to make a reservation for you there?
Yes please make a booking for 3 people at 19:45 on friday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : JWEROL3K. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I need a train on the same day from ely to cambridge.|What time would you like to leave or arrive in cambridge on friday?
I need the train to arrive to arrive by 13:45.  There will be 3 of us.  Can I get a reference number?|TR0212 leaves Ely at 11:35 and arrives in Cambridge at 11:52. Will this work for you?
yes and thank you that will be all|Can  I help you with anything else today?
Can you book the 3 of us tickets?|I have successfully booked your train reservation. The total fee is 13.2 GBP, payable at the station. Reference number is UHK3WFOA. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all I needed today, thank you.|Have a nice day.
Hello!  I am looking for places to stay in Cambridge.  Can you help me with this?|There are several guesthouses where would you like it and what price range?
I would like an expensive place in the north.|Unfortunately, I do not have any expensive hotels or guesthouses in the north. Would you like me to check a different area or price range?
Can we try to find one that is in the East please?|I have one, would you like me to book it ?
Yes, for one person and four nights on Thursday.|I do apologize, but it looks like it's all booked. Perhaps try a shorter stay or another start day?
Could you try to book it for one night instead?|I was able to book Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge. 1 day with 1 person. Your reference number is XLN3932A.
Thanks. I also need a train to leicester. Can you help with that?|Sure!  First, can you confirm that you are departing Cambridge?
Yes. I would like to leave at 15:15 on Friday.|I have a train to Leicester departing Friday at 15:21. Does that work for you?
Yes, can I get the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 37.79 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 1WOTPNYE.
Can you help me find a place to stay that is moderately priced and includes free wifi?|i have many options for you. are you looking in a particular area?
Yes, I would prefer it to be in the north.|That narrowed it down a little bit. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
A hotel please. I also need free parking.|I have 2 hotels that have what you are asking for. Both are 2 stars and offer free parking and wifi. Ashley Hotel and the other is the Lovell Lodge.
Can you book a room at the Ashley for me? 5 people, 5 nights, and we'll arrive on Tuesday.|Ok, you have the rooms. Reference number is : HX250ZFS. Can I help you with anything else?
Great I also need a train going to cambridge on tuesday as well.|Did you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
i just want to get there by 19:00|Where are you leaving from?
I'm leaving from Broxbourne.|Okay the TR7598 leaves at 16:32 and arrives at 17:32.
Can you book that train for five people?|I sure can.  That total charge is 89.5 GBP and the reference number is OTQM5TP5.
Great, thanks for all of your help today. I won't be needing any further help.  Bye.|No thank you that will be all
I am looking for a train departing from stansted airport.|There are 133 trains departing from that location. What destination would you like to travel to?
I want to leave on monday after 21:45 and arrive in cambridge.|We have the TR7956 arriving in Cambridge on Monday at 22:52. Does that fit into your schedule?
Yes. Can you please book that for 5 people and provide my reference number for me?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 50.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 6UVY4MBA.  Is there anything else I can help with today?
Can you tell me what types of entertainment are in the centre area?|There are no entertainment attractions located in the centre of town.
What about nightclubs?|Certainly, We have 5 nightclubs in the centre area, there is ballare, , kambar, soul tree nightclub, and the fez club.
How about Soul Tree Nightclub? Could you send me the entrance fee and address?|The entrance fee is 4 pounds. The address is 1-6 corn exchange street. Can I help you with anything else?
What time does it open its doors?|I'm sorry, but I don't have that information in my database. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, thank you. I am all set.|Great! Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo! Goodbye!
We would like to attend an event at the theatre while we are in town.|That sounds like fun. I've found five theaters in town. Four of them in the center of town, one to the south. Do you have any other criteria?
Nope, choose the one you think is best and let me know the postcode please.|The adc theatre is very good would you like that one?
That sounds great! Can I get the postcode? And then I need to find a train.|The postcode is cb58as. What day and time will you be travelling on?
I am going to stevenage on thursday.|Where will you be leaving from?
I will be leaving from Cambridge.|What time would you like to arrive by?
I would like to leave after 10:30.|TR7024 is the first train after 10:30 it leaves after 11:21, would you like me to book you?
That's fine I need 4 tix and the ref #|I will get that for you
Hello, I'm looking for places to go in the city centre.|There are 44 different attractions in city centre. Is there any particular type that you would want to visit?
Any type is fine.|Holy Trinity Church is a free architecture attraction. Their number is 01223355397 and they're located at Market Street.
Great!  I'm also looking for a train that'll leave Thursday from Cambridge.|I have one that leaves at 05:00 on Thursday. Is that time alright for you?
Well, I need to get to Peterborough, and I need to arrive by 12:15. What are my options?|TR5159 will depart cambridge at 11:06 on Thursday, arriving in peterborough at 11:56. Will that work?
Yes and please make the reservation for 8 and then send me the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 132 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 0C232D2C. Is there anything else I can help with?
That is everything I needed. Thanks for your help!|We are happy to help, thank you for using our services. Have a wonderful day.
I'd like a train from Leicester to Cambridge, please!|On what day will you be travelling?
I will be traveling on monday and need to arrive by 14:15|Train TR5054 leaves Leicester and arrives in Cambridge at 13:54. Would you like to book this train?
Sounds great. Can you please book it for 2 people?|Of course. Your total will be 75.59 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is PCJMQZXO. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you. That's all.|All right, have a great trip!
I need a train that Departs Tuesday with the destination of cambridge.|Yes I have a train leaving on Tuesday at 05:17 from London kings cross.
Is there one departing Kings Lynn later than 16:15 please?|Yes, TR5793 is departing kings lynn at 17:11 and arriving at cambridge at 17:58, will this work for you?
Yes. I need a booking for 3 people.|You're all set! The total fee is 29.4 GBP and your reference number is 2I8XTN6S. Can I help you with anything else today?
I'd also like to find a restaurant serving British food in the Centre of town.|I have 7 fitting that criteria, what price range do you prefer?
The price range doesn't matter to me, but can you book at table for 3 people at 19:15 on Tuesday?|I am sorry I cannot book for that many people at that time, another time slot perhaps?
How about 18:15 then?|I have confirmed your reservation for 3 on Tuesday at 18:15 at The Oak Bistro. Your reference number is 82YQHDQQ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. Thank you.|Ok, thank you for using our services.  Have a wonderful day.
Hello, I am looking for a train that leaves on Friday after 10:00.|Ok, and where will you be leaving from and heading to?
I want to leave from Bishops Stortford and go to Cambridge.|TR6834 departs Bishops Stortford at 11:29 arriving by 12:07 in Cambridge. Does this work for you?
That will work great.  Could you please make a booking for seven people?|The booking was successful and your reference number is 5636CNX2. Please pay 70.7GBP at the station. Is there anything else?
Yes, I need some information on rosa's bed and breakfast.|That's a lovely 4 star guesthouse in the south part of town.  What would you like to know?
Yes please book it for the same group of people and 2 nights starting from the same day.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : GXVPCRC1. Is there anything more I can help with?
No that's it, thank you for your help.|Thank you for using our service today!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|I am glad that you are visiting, but I cannot help you until you give me something to search for?
I'm looking for a train from Cambridge to Leicester on Monday.|We have quite a few trains available that day. Is there any time you would like to depart or arrive by?
I need to leave after 21:45|TR2919 is leaving at 22:21, would that work?
Yes, could you book me 2 tickets and get me a reference number?|Absolutely. I have booked two tickets for TR2919 at a total fee of 75.59 GBP. Your reference number is 8BG1O6W0. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, i also need a hotel with free wi-fi. I do not mind if it is expensive.|how about allenbell? it looks lovely
does it have free parking?|allenbell has free parking. Should I book it?
Yes, I need it for Thursday. 2 people 4 nights.|your all set! Reference # is DQ0Z16N7. Anything else I can help you with today?
That is all I need.|Have a great day!
Looking for a train going Stevenage.|Okay, for what day and where are you departing from?
I am looking at traveling on Wednesday and departing from Cambridge.|Is there a particular time you would like to leave?
I want to leave after 20:45.|Train TR9016 leaves at 21:21 and arrives at 22:10. Would that work?
Yes, I need a booking for 2 people please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 25.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : W20YWCTG.
Thanks!  That is all I needed.|Our pleasure. Please call us again and have a terrific day.
You too, good bye now.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!
I'm looking for a train to Stevenage, please.|There are 70 trains departing to Stevenage. What day would you like to leave?
I would like to leave on Saturday and would like to arrive by 21:00 to cambridge.|I have many options available. May I have the departure site please?
I am departing from Stevenage. I need to book seats for 8 people to Cambridge on a Saturday to arrive by 21:00.|I have several trains that will arrive in Cambridge by 21:00 what time of day would you prefer to depart?
Early evening please.|Could you please specify a precise time you would like to leave.
Close to arriving by 21:00. I need to book it for 8 people for a Saturday.|TR6759 leaves Stevenage at 19:54 and arrives in Cambridge at 20:43.  Would you like me to book it?
Yes, I'd like 8 tickets please. May I also have the reference number?.|Your booking was successful. The reference number is IQC4RP3I, and the total cost will be 81.92 GBP. What else can I help you with?
I'm also looking fore a moderately priced hotel that has free wifi on the east side.|I'm sorry, there aren't any hotels that match your criteria. Would any other area, price, or internet availability be acceptable?
How about the one that is in the type of guesthouse?|There are 3 guesthouses available, 2 of them have free parking.
Can I have the information for the guesthouse that doesn't have free parking? I would like the phone number, postcode and star rating please.|The phone number for A and B Guest House is 01223315702. The address and postcode  is 124 Tenison Rd, cb12dp. It is a 4 star guesthouse.
Thanks!  I think that's all I need.|Thank you for using our system!
I need a place to stay in the east|What pricerange are you looking for in your hotel?
I would prefer a place in the moderate price range with 4 stars and free wifi.|I have 3 results in the moderate price range. Do you need parking?
No, I do not need parking. I would need you to book a place for 1 person who will be staying for three nights beginning Tuesday. Can you do that?|Not a problem, would the A and B Guest House work for you?
Yes, please book it. I need a reference number. I also need to book a train leaving after 13:15 on Tuesday.|What days are you planning on staying and how many people will be staying?
1 person and 3 nights starting tuesday please.|It's all booked, reference number is 22HE1KCU
Thank you I also need a train leaving after 13:15 on tuesday|There are 2828 trains can you tell me where you would be leaving from and your destination?
The train should go to cambridge and should depart from broxbourne.|The following train is available: TR8199 Broxbourne to Cambridge on Tuesday at 13:32 arriving at 14:32.  This will cost 17.89GBP.  Would you like to reserve this?
Yes please. Just one ticket and could I get the reference number pleases?|Yes, I was able to book the train for you. The reference number is 2DATSODP.
Ok, great! Thanks for all of your help. That is all I needed for today.|I am glad that I could help. Have a good day!
I'm looking for a museum in the town centre.|There are 11 museums in the town centre. What would you like the entrance fee to be?
Find me the best deal, can I get the address and postcode of that?|Broughton house gallery	has free entry at 98 king street postcod cb11ln
Thank you. Could you help find me a train that goes to London Kings Cross and arrives by 09:15?|What is your departure site and your departure day and time?
I would like to depart from Cambridge on Wenesday.|I have a train that departs from Cambridge and arrives at London Kings Cross at 07:51. Would you like to book it?
I need to book the train fro 5 people. Are there enough seats available?|Yes, I was able to book the train for you for 5 people. The total fee is 118 GBP and the reference number is LJQGVGEA.
That's perfect, thank you so much for your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all for today.|Great! Have a wonderful day.
I'm looking for a train departing from ely and should arrive by 14:30.|ok, what is your destination?
Cambridge, I need to leave on tuesday too.|Five trains match your description. The first leaves at 05:35. Do you want a seat on this train or on a later train?
This one will do. I will need to book for 4 people. Can I get the reference number once booked, please?|The booking was successful and your reference number is 2KELM023.
i am also looking for a hotel called aylesbray lodge guest house.|I can make you a reservation , how long do you plan on staying?
I need a booking for 4 people for 4 nights starting on tuesday.|Your confirmation number is G1AP9UFL. Can I assist you with anything else?
Not at the moment. Thank you.|Okay, well, thank you for allowing me to help you.  Enjoy your stay!
Thank you. Bye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
Need restaurant thats expensive and in the east of town.|There are five expensive restaurants in the east. Do you have a type of food you prefer?
It really doesn't matter, as long is its insanely expensive located in the east part of town. I need the postcode & phone number when you find one please.|IS Yu Garden, a Chinese place fitted to your tatse?
That sounds fine I need their postcode and phone number.|The postcode is cb58pa and the phone number is 01223248882.
Ok. Thank you for the information.|Your welcome and enjoy your meal!
I'm also looking for a train on Thursday, to depart from Cambridge and arrive at Broxbourne by 18:15.|I have train TR6457 arriving at 18:01 and leaving at 17:01,is that good for you?
That sounds fine. I need tickets for 8, please.|All set. Your reference number is YG7KTN9A.
Thank you very much!|Is that everything that you will be needing today?
I believe so. Thank you for your help.|You are very welcome! Enjoy your day! Goodbye
Hi, are you familiar with the Avalon hotel?|I am, it is a guesthouse in the north. Would you like to make a reservation?
I would love that. Can you book me a room starting on Friday night?|I'd be happy to reserve your room. How many nights would you like to stay, and how many in your party? And do you need any other information about the location?
I need a train that stops at london liverpool street and should arrive by 12:45, will you book it for me|I'd be happy to. Assuming you're departing from Cambridge, what day and time would you like to travel?
I need to depart on Wednesday. I'll need to arrive by 1245.|I have a train leaving cambridge at 9:59 and arriving at london liverpool street at 11:27. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, I'd like five tickets, please.|Ok.  You are booked for 5 seats on TR5874.  Wednesday at 09:59.  The total is 83 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is 8C6ZLYNK.
Thank you very much. That is all I need. Bye.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Please remember us for all of your future travel needs.
I need a train that leaves after 17:30 on Thursday|Where are you leaving from and going on thursday?
I'll be heading from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge.|I've got a number of options for you.  Did you have an arrival time in mind?
No, I do not.|Okay the TR7360 leaves at 17:39. Will that work?
Sure, book it for 3 people please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 49.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : N1C90WGA.
Could you recommend a college for me to visit while I'm in town?|Christ's College is in Centre. Admission is free. Phone 01223334900.
Thank you so much that will be all, looking forward to Cambridge.|enjoy your time in cambridge
I am looking for a Saturday train departing from Cambridge.|I have several trains that will suit you. What is your destination and what time could you like to leave?
Norwich is my destination and I want to leave after 13:00.|TR8933 will be departing cambridge at 13:36 and arriving in norwich at 14:55. Would you like to book this?
Please book for 8 people.|Alright the book was successful, the total fee is going to be 112.64 GBP payable at the station and the reference number is 28O28GIJ.
Thanks! I'm also wondering if there are any moderately priced polynesian restaurants around.|I was unable to find any moderately priced Polynesian restaurants.
How then about Spanish or a pub that serves tapas?|La Tasca is a centrally located, moderately priced, Spanish restaurant.  Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please make that reservation for me|I will need some more information before making a reservation.  What day would you like it on and for how many people?
I need it for 8 people at 10:30 on saturday|Booking was successful for a table at la tasca. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes, reference number is : 3TR0F2B1. Can I help with anything else?
No, I don't need anything else|Have a great day!
I want to leave on staurday to go to kings lynn|What time did you want to travel?
I would like to leave Cambridge to arrive in Kings Lynn by 18:15.|Okay, the TR2840 leaves at 17:11 and arrives by 17:58. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes that sounds great. I need to book one for 4 people.|The total came 31.36 GBP payable at the station.  Your reference number is CKK48SQO.  Anything else?
Can you help me find a restaurant that is moderately priced?|Sure, you have a cuisine I'd like to eat, or area of town you want to dine in?
I'd love some Scandinavian food?|I'm sorry, but there are no scandanavian restaurants that are moderately priced. Would you like to change your price range or the type of food?
What about Turkish food?|yes! there is anatolia or efes restaurant.
Could I get the contact info for that?|efes restaurant is at King Street city centre, postcode is cb11ln and the phone is 01223500005, can I help with anything else?
Yes, let's book a table for four there at 13:00 on the same Saturday.|I have you booked. Reference number is : U8RPPC0C.
Thank you that is all I need today.|You're welcome!  Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Have a great day!
I was looking for a chinese place in Cambridge.|We have several Chinese restaurants in the city center, is that where you were looking to eat?
Yes, the city centre was where I was planning to go.|Jingling Noodle Bar is my favorite!  It is moderately priced and in the Centre.  Would you like to book a table?
That would be fine I need the phone number, postcode and address please.|The address is 11 Peas Hill City Centre cb23pp.  The phone number is 01223566188.
Thanks! I also need a train after 14:45 on Saturday.|Ok, and where will you be traveling to?
Kings Lynn to Cambridge.|TR1031 leaves at 15:11. Does that work for you?
Yes that works please book for 5 people.|You are set, reference number is 5S55128O, any other questions
No thanks. You were very helpful. Until next time. Goodbye.|You're welcome. Goodbye.
Can you help me find a train departing out of cambridge this saturday?|There are several trains departing from Cambridge on Saturday. Where are you traveling and what time would you like to leave?
I'm going to Peterborough and want to leave after 12:00.|There are multiple trains leaving that day after 12. First one departs at 12:06.
Book the first one for 8 people please.|I have booked it and here is the information-Booking was successful, the total fee is 105.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : SLAC2W0W.
Thank you that is all I need|Thank you for contacting us. Have a nice day.
Oh I almost forgot can you help me find a 5 star hotel with free internet?|I'm sorry, I am not able to find a 5 star hotel with free internet.  Would you consider a 4 star hotel?  There are 3 of those.
Yes, I would consider a star rating of 4.  Can you pick one for me please?|huntingdon marriott hotel is a 4 star hotel
Ok and does that have free wifi?|Yes, the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel has free WiFi. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please! I want to book it for 8 people for 4 nights starting tuesday|Okay, I booked it and your reference number is CEVX0OU3. Anything else?
That is all for now. Thank you so much.|You are so welcome! You take care now, bye!
I'm looking for a train please.|Certainly. On what day do you want me to look?
on tuesday from cambridge to norway leaving at 2030 hrs|I'm sorry, could you confirm your destination so I can get an accurate schedule.
I'm sorry, I meant norwich, not norway.|I couldn't get you to Norway but Norwich is much more doable. I've got the TR2181 to Norwich leaving at 20:36 with a fare of 17.60GBP. Would that suit you?
That would be perfect. Could you book it for 1 person and provide me a reference number?|4SSOKT22 is your reference number. What else may I do for you?
No, thank you. good bye|Okay, have a great time and be safe.
I am looking for a train from Stevanage to Cambridge.|I have several options. They all leave on Friday; do you have a preferred departure time?
Eww, Friday won't really work for me. Do you have anything on Thursday?|There are 10 trains traveling on Thursday. The first train leaves at 05:54. Do you want to book this train or do you want a later departure time?
That train sounds good, can you book it for 4 people?|Booked! Your reference number is: 4T6UFRYC. Can I help with anything else?
Yeah, what can you tell me about a restaurant called Meghna?|it is a moderate restaurant in the west. can i book for you?
Yes, please. I'd like a reservation for 4 on Thursday at 20:30.|I booked it for you. The reference number is TCBE0PUQ.
Thank you, goodbye|Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hello, I'd like some information on a train departing from Cambridge on sunday that leaves after 18:15.|There are 59 trains leaving Cambridge on Sunday after 18:15. What is your destination?
I'm trying to get to london kings cross.|What time are you looking to arrive?
I don't have an arrival preference but I want to leave after 18:15.|I have train TR9039 leaving at 19:00 and arriving at 19:51. Would you like to book that?
Yes, please reserve 3 seats for us on that train, thanks.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 56.64 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : T7JV2Z8H. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I would like to dine at an expensive restaurant.|I have several expensive restaurants available. What type of food would you like?
I would like Indian food please.|Is there a certain area of town you would prefer to dine at?
Yes, I would like the east area please.|There are 2 Indian restaurants in that area. I would recommend the sitar tandoori. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes go ahead an book it. Could I get the reference number please?|When would you like to dine, and how many will be in your party?
There will be three of us dining on Sunday at 12:15.|Your reservation for a table of 3 at sitar tandoori this sunday at 12:15 was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : 99050JJK.
Thank you for your help. thats all i need today.|You're very welcome! Have a great time! Bye!
I'm looking for a train leaving Cambridge. I need to arrive at 15:30.|There is a train leaving Friday at 13:59 that will get you to London Liverpool street at 15:27.  Will this work for you?
No, I need one that leaves on Sunday.|If you'd like to go to London King's Cross, there are 104 trains that match your specifications. What time would you like to leave at?
I would like to go to London Liverpool Street for 8 people.|Great, your reference number for the 8 tickets is: U9G8K0GF. Anything else I can help you with today?
I am looking for a place to dine that serves vietnamese food in the west.|I found Thanh Binh they serve Vietnamese food in the west part of town.
I need a cheap place to eat, does that restaurant fit that criteria?|Yes, Thanh Binh is a cheap place to eat. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Yes, please. I need a table for 8 at 11:30 on Sunday. And may I please have the reference number?|OK, your reservation is booked, your reference number is RQ5HR7PY.
Great thank you for your help that will be all|It's been a pleasure, thank you.  Enjoy your visit!
I am looking for a train that goes to cambridge and arrives at the destination after 13:00.|I will be happy to find one for you. What day will you be traveling?
I will be traveling on Saturday and want to leave from peterborough.|I have a 13:17 or a 15:17? would those departure times work for you?
No I need an earlier train.|I'm afraid that's all we've got.
I'm sorry I may have confused you. I would want to go from Petersborough to Cambridge on Saturday and arrive by 13:00, so anything that will get me there before that.|Sure, when would you like to depart?
It doesn't matter.  I just need to get to Cambridge before 13:00.  I will need 5 seats please.|The TR5538 departs Peterborough at 11:48 and arrives in Cambridge at 12:38 with a duration of 50 minutes. The cost is 13.20 pounds. Would you like to book a ticket on this train, or should we look at some other times?
That sounds perfect, can you book that for 5 people for me, please?|Booked! You pay 66 GBP at the station. Reference number: Z66EG4L8.
You've been very helpful. Thank you. Goodbye.|Have a good trip. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
I'm looking for some museums, could you help me find more information on them?|Certainly. Cambridge has many museum offerings. What area are you thinking of visiting?
I'm open to visiting any area in Cambridge.  Could you suggest a museum please?|I suggest broughton house gallery located at 98 king street.
What's the postcode for that?|The postcode for the Broughton House Gallery is cb11ln. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I need to find a train on Friday going to Cambridge from Norwich and arriving by 12:45.|The earliest arrival prior to that time is the TR9900 which leaves Norwich at 05:16 and arrives in Cambridge at 06:35. Would you like me to book you a seat?
Yes, 3 seats in fact.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 50KBIWYY.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay thank you! No that will be everything.|Thank you for calling today.
I am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range.|I have several options for you. Do you prefer a specific type of food, or location?
I would like something in the center of town, please.|There are many restaurants that match your needs. Do you have any food preferences?
No preference, just need the address and phone number of the restaurant. Also I am needing a train from Cambridge, nee to leave after 12:15.|There are 110 different options. Might I suggest Kymmoy? The address is 52 Mill Road City Centre. The phone number is 01223311911.
That sounds good, thanks. I also need to get from cambridge to kings lynn on saturday. I can leave anytime after 12:15.|I found 11trains, would a 13:11 departure work for you?
Yes, that would definitely work for me.  Thanks.|Would you like me to book that train for you?
Yes please, can I get the reference number for 4 people|Sure thing it's booked, reference is 7QF5EFOW. Is there anything else you need help with today?
No, that's all I need today. Thanks for your help!|Thank you for using our services. Enjoy your trip.
I am looking for information on theatres in the center part of town.|There are four theatres to pick from.    I recommend the cambridge arts theatre, would you like more information?
My husband is into the arts so that might actually work out perfect. Can I get their phone number please?|Absolutely. Their number is 01223503333. They don't have an entrance fee listed, so be sure to ask them about it. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I need to find a train to Cambridge.|Where will you be traveling from, and what day and time would you like to travel?
I need to leave from London Liverpool Street on saturday. I need to arrive by 16:00.|Okay how about the TR4078 it arrives by 15:07.
Perfect. I will need tickets for 6 people. Please provide the reference number.|No problem!  Your reference # is BBJ1JTXU.  The total fee is 79.67 GBP, payable at the station.  Can I help you with anything else?
Great thank you that's all I needed today.|It was a pleasure to assist you. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Can I please book a train to bishops stortford on saturday?|Where would you like to depart from?
I'd like to leave Cambridge and arrive by 17:30.|I have the TR0121 train available. It departs from Cambridge at 15:29 and arrives at Bishops Stortford at 16:07. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes. Please book for 2 people.|Your passage has been booked. 16.16 GPB will be payable at the station and your reference number is ZVFTQ0X3. Will that be all?
Thank you. I also need help finding a place to stay. I'd prefer a guesthouse with free wifi|May I ask a price range that you would like?
I don't care about price. It needs to be in the north, however.|We have many guesthouses located in the north, many of which are 4 stars. May I recommend the Kirkwood House located in the north for a moderate price with 4 stars?
Does the Kirkwood House include free parking?|Yes it most certainly does.
What's the price range, postcode and address please|The Kirkwood House is moderately priced and is located at 172 Chesteron Road, CB4 1DA. Can I help you with anything else today?
No thank you that is all I need today.|Okay.  The guesthouse is Kirkwood House and it is moderately priced, located at 172 Chesterton Road  Reference Number CB4 1DA.
Hi, I am planning a trip for my family and could use some help with a place to stay.|I can help with that, what would you like to stay at?
I would like a hotel on the west side of Cambridge. I prefer an affordable hotel that includes free parking.|I have 2 hotels in the west. Both offer free internet and free parking. One is cheaper and the other is expensive. Do you have a preference?
I want the cheap one.|The cheap one is the Cambridge belfry.
Please book that for 3 people for 3 nights starting on Friday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : IKC0PEFS.
Thanks. I am also looking for a train from Cambridge to Broxbourne on Monday.|sure I can help you with that, when are you leaving or when would you like to arrive and how many tickets would you like?
I need the tickets for 3 people. The same ones I am going to the restaurant with.|A train is leaving at 05:01 is that a good time?
I need to be in Broxbourne by 2:00. What time does the 05:01 get in? I'm thinking that might be a little early.|it leaves at 5:01 and arrives at 6:01, my mistake
Okay, please book that train for the same group of people on Monday.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 53.7 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : KPSSVAA1.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Great thank you! That's all I need today!|You're welcome. Have a great trip! Goodbye
Hi, can you help me with some information on the train system?|Absolutely! What information are you looking for?
I will be departing Cambridge and need to arrive at London Liverpool Street on Saturday|Great I have several options for you. Do you know your departure or arrival time?
I'd like to leave after 18:15 please.|How about train TR2166 that leaves at 19:27?
That is fine please make a booking for 8 people|OK, you have 8 tickets reserved on TR2166. The total fee is 106.24 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : RAEGFIL7.
I am also looking for places to go in town. Maybe a college?|The are many college's in town, what is your preference ?
No preference, just pick something for me. I'll need to know the area, postcode and fee to get in.|I think you would like Christ's College in the centre, the postcode is cb23bu and the entrance is free.
Thank you very much for your help!|You are welcome. Will you need a taxi or a restaurant reservation? I can help.
That's all for now. Thank you|You are welcomed have a great day . Enjoy your trip.
Hello! I'm looking for a train that will leave on Tuesday and arrive by 18:45, can you help me?|I can definitely assist you, where will you be leaving from and arriving to?
I will be departing cambridge and going to arriving at birmingham new street.|The TR3225 leaves at 5:01 and gets to Birmingham at 7:44.  It costs 75.10 pounds.  Can I reserve some tickets for you?
Yes can you book that for 5 people and get me the reference number?|Sure, I have booked it for 5 and the reference number is UGPE47OI.
Thanks. I'm also looking for an expensive italian restaurant.|I have 4 options in the centre and 1 in the south, which would you like more information on?
I would like more information about the one in the south please.|It is frankie and bennys, the are in the expensive range.  the address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and they can be reached at 01223412430
Could I have the reference number,|If you give me your preferred dining time and the number of people in your party, I can go ahead and try to make a reservation.
My preferred dining time is 15:15, for a party of 5.|What day are you wanting the reservation?
Tuesday same day as the booked train.|I'm sorry but the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to book a different time slot?
Yes, could you try and secure a 14:15 reservation perhaps?|Good news.  I was able to book a table for 5 at 14:15.  Are you ready for the reference number?
I am, thank you.|The reference number for your reservation at Frankie and Benny's is PEFYUPYB. They'll hold the table for 15 minutes. Do you need help with anything else?
Thank you so much. You have been very helpful.|Thank you very much
Hello, could you tell me if there are any 1 star lodging establishments that offer free wifi?|There are not any with wifi. Would you like me to checked higher rated options?
No, thanks. Are you sure you can't find 1 star hotels?|I'm sorry, I double checked but there are not any 1 star rated hotels available. Can I help you find something else that may be suitable?
What about 4 star hotels?|Yes, there are quite a few.  Did you have a particular price range in mind?
No. I don't have a price preference.|In that case, I would recommend alexander bed and breakfast.
That sounds great can you book it for 7 people? We're staying 3 nights and want to check in Wednesday.|Your booking was successful, your reference number is:  VZPWHWLV. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I need a train on the same day leaving Cambridge|Okay! Where are you going?
i am going to cambridge|Okay, from where?
No thank you that will be all|Can I look up anything else for you today?
no that will be all.|All right. Thank you for the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a nice day. Good bye.
Hey there, I need to find a train to cambridge from london kings cross|how about TR5219 that leaves at 05:17?
i need to arrive by 15:30 on friday.|TR4748 arrives at 14:08. Can I book it for you?
Yes please. I need one ticket.|You have 1 seat reserved on TR4748, reference #A4V9R126. Can I be of further assistance today?
I'm also looking for a place to eat in the north part of town. I don't want it to be too costly, so let's try a moderate price range.|Would you prefer Chinese or Indian?
Definitely Indian. Thanks|The nirala gets great reviews, its moderately priced and is in the north area of town. Would you like me to make reservations?
No, thank you. Can you give me the address, postcode and phone number, please?|Its address is 7 Milton Road Chesterton, phone number is 01223360966 and its postal code is cb41uy.
I don't need anything else.|Okay, have a great day!
I need a train leaving on monday after 18:45.|There are a lot of trains running then. Did you have a particular station you were going to or leaving from?
Yes, I need to travel from Kings Lynn to Cambridge.|I have train TR1978 that departs at 19:11 and arrives by 19:58. Do you think that would be a good fit for you?
That would be great can you get me 4 tickets for that?|That has been booked. Your reference number is SGEZXO5V.
I would also need a place to stay in a guesthouse with free parking|The Allenbell is an affordable guesthouse in the area. How does that sound?
Is it cheap? And do they offer free parking?|They have free parking and internet. Is there anything else you would like to know?
Can you book it for the same people for 5 nights starting on the same day|I have that reservation made for you the reference number is 2U1NU0BI.
Thank you.  That  is all for now.|its been a pleasure to serve you.
Can you help me find a train departing from norwich leaving on sunday?|I found 19 trains that leave Norwich on Sunday. Where will you be traveling to and do you have an arrival time in mind?
I am traveling to Cambridge, of course! I can leave Norwich anytime after 12:45|i recommend TR2974 which leaves 17:16. can i book that one?
Yes, that would be fine. I'll need it booked for 3 people. I'll also need the reference number, please.|Okay, I've book you for 3 people on Sunday. You reference number is 4W6OGHUA. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay in the north that has free wifi.|I have 12 options available that match your request.  What price range would you like?
The hotel should be in the moderate price range and should have a star of 4.|what about hamilton lodge? its lovely
Sure, thanks! Will you please book it for the same group of 4 for 5 nights, starting Sunday?|your reference # D4Z2BO28 anything else?
That is all. Thank you!|Thank you very much! I hope you have a great trip! Goodbye.
i need a hotel with wifi in the north part of town|I can help with that. What kind of price range do you have in mind?
I am open as far as price range, but I would love a 4 star place.|There doesn't appear to be a 4 star hotel with wifi in the north. Can I interest you in a lower star rating?
No, the hotel needs to have a 4 star rating. Can you please check your system again? Thanks|i am sorry. i have double checked and still do not find anything matching your criteria. would you like a different star rating?
Perhaps there is a guestroom?|No but would you like to try another location ?
Just something in the north, 4 star and free wifi?|Okay, there are 8 guesthouse listings fitting your requirements. What pricerange are you looking for, may I ask?
Do you have anything moderately priced? I need it for 6 people, for 3 nights, starting monday.|They're all moderately priced. I recommend the Avalon.
Sounds great.  Can you book it and provide me a reference number please?|I  am not successful with this booking. Do you want to modify the days ?
No, I will need to keep the days the same.|Your all set at arbury lodge guesthouse. Your ref number is 593EOJ4K, is there anything else today?
I need to check on a train leaving cambridge.|Can you give me what time you want to leave at? There are multiple trains leaving Cambridge.
The train should leave after 08:45 and should leave on tuesday.|And what is your destination?
I will be leaving from cambridge and arrive at leicester on tuesday.|The earliest train we have leaving is at 9:00. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please. That would be great.|How many tickets will you be needing for the train?
I will need 6 train tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 141.6 GBP payable at the station
Great!! Can I get the reference number?|Your reference number is KWH3J4WG. Can I help with anything else?
That is all, thanks for your help.|You are welcome,have a good day.
i am looking for information in Cambridge.|I can certainly help you with that! What do you want to know?
I'd like to stay at a guesthouse that offers free wifi.|Do you have a price range or area preference? Because if not, how about a and b guest house	located in the east and moderately priced.
The hotel should have a star of 4 and should include free parking.|The Alexander bed and breakfast is a great place. Do you need a reservation?
yes, please. 6 people for 3 nights starting on thursday.|Acorn Guest House would be perfect for your needs.
I need a train leaving Cambridge after 21:15.|Ok, I have 5 options for you. The earliest leaves at 21:59.
I would like to travel on Saturday and go to Leicester.|The TR7610 leaves Cambridge at 21:21 and arrives in Leicester at 23:06. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, can you book me a ticket for 3 people?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 90.72 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is DKV6X3Z3
Wonderful.  Can you tell me if A and B Guesthouse is still around?|Yes I have a listing for the a and b guest house.
Can get some detailed information on this place?|Sure thing!  It is in the east, moderate priced and 4 star.  Need me to book a room?
Can you tell me the phone number, hotel type, and postcode?  I need to check on a few things.|The phone number for A and B Guest House is 01223315702 and the postcode is cb12dp.
i need a train to bishops stortford that leaves after 16:30, please.|Where will you be travelling to?
I already told you.|Where will you be departing from and what day do you wish to travel?
I would like to leave on Tuesday, and depart from Cambridge.|The TR2153 departs Cambridge for Bishops Stortford on Tuesday at 17:29, would  you like to book a seat on this train?
Yeah. I need to book for 7 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.7 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : C2KPV8JC.
Thanks for the booking. I also am looking for a guesthouse with free internet for all of us.|Arbury Lodge Guesthouse is available in the north area.  It's a moderate price range and has free internet.  How many days will you be staying?
We will be staying for five days.|And which night would you like to start your stay?
One moment. I am looking for 2 stars. Does Arbury Lodge Guesthouse have two stars?|It has 4 stars, should I book that for you?
Yes, please book it and provide a reference number.|Which day of the week is the start of your stay, please?
Is it available starting Thursday?|I just need to confirm before I book this hotel, do you want a 4-star hotel or 2-star hotel? Or does it matter?
Four star please  same group of people starting Thursday I need a ref number too please.|Your room is booked (Ref#QN4WVXJJ). Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No that will be all today. Thanks!|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
Hello! I am looking for a play stay, I would like it in the expensive range and to stay in the north|I am very sorry there are no results for an expensive hotel in the north area, would you like to try a different area or price range?
Are you sure there is no place to stay that is expensive and in the north?|Yes, I just double checked for you. There are some in the moderate price range if you're interested?
Yes please. An expensive hotel in the north with free parking and free internet. Can you book the room for me please?|I'm showing several guesthouses and two hotels in the north area and all have internet and parking.  Would you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
A hotel, please. For 4 people and 4 nights.|I have 2 options here. May I suggest ashley hotel? Shall I go ahead with the booking?
Book it please!  Can you also provide a reference number?  thanks!|Yes, but I need the day that you will be arriving first.
Please book for 4 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday.|I was able to book you, your reference number is HOR1CR41.  Any other questions today?
Nope. Thank you so much for your help.|It was a pleasure to assist you. Thank you for using our service. Goodbye.
I need a train leaving arriving in stevenage.|I'm sorry, can you clarify your departure and destination sites? Also, what day and time are you planning to leave?
I am departing from Cambridge and going to Stevenage.  This will be for Saturday and I want to arrive by 15:45|TR6998 will leave Cambridge on 13:21 and arrive at Stevenage at 14:10. The price is 10.24 pounds. Would you like to book?
Yes. Please book for 6 people.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 61.44 payable at the station. Reference number is:  K6E4V6XO. Will there be anything else?
i also need food|I have 110 restaurants to choose from.  Is there a particular area or type of food you'd prefer?
Looking for something in the cheap price range that serves Danish food. If that is not available then Chinese food.|Charlie chan is a cheap Chinese place located in the centre.
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|for the reservation, i need to know the day, number of guests and the time please.
For 6 people at 11:15 on Saturday.|Table for 6 at 11:15 on Saturday at Charlie Chan. They will hold your table for up to 15 minutes after your reservation. Your Reference# is : UQQI88M8.
Thank you that is all I needed. Good bye.|Have a nice day, goodbye!
Can you help me find a hotel called limehouse and tell me a little about it?|It looks like it is in the North and in the moderate price range.
I would like to book it for 7 people for 3 nights starting on Tuesday. I also need the reference number.|I was able to successfully book this for you. Your reference number is 9BUA0SL0. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I'd also like a train leaving after 14:15 on Friday.|where will you be departing from?
I need to go from Cambridge to Broxbourne.|i have several trains available. TR9351 leaves at 15:01 and arrives at 16:01. Shall I book you a seat?
Yes, please.  I'll need 7 seats.|I was able to successfully book your train tickets. Your reference number is 2463KQEG. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all I needed help with. Thank you.|Your Welcome have a wonderful day.
I am looking for a guesthouse that has free parking.|There is a guesthouse in the north of town in the moderate price range.
It should include free wifi and should be in the cheap price range.|The Alexander bed and breakfast in the centre of town and the Allenbell on the east side of town.  Which guesthouse would you like to book?
Alexander is fine. I need to book for 8 people. We'll arrive Wednesday and stay 5 nights. I'll also need the reference number, please.|Great, your reservation is booked at the Alexander, your reference number is Z8BRHTV8. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I also need to find a train going to cambridge.|Great what is your departure city and what time would you like to leave?
I would like to leave after 19:00 the departure city is peterborough. I'm looking to leave the same day as the hotel booking.|Awesome. We have the TR9969 that leaves at 19:19. Would you like me to book that?
Yes, may I have the reference number?|Of course. I just want to confirm before booking. That was for all 8 people correct?
Yes it was, thank you.|Your train, TR9969, traveling from peterborough to cambridge on wednesday from 19:19 through 20:09 has been booked. The total for 8 people is 132 GBP and your reference number is JHCT9HJU.
Thank you that's all that I needed today|You are welcome. Have a wonderful day.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|Okay, I can help you with that. Where are you heading in from?
I am actually looking for places to go. Specifically, I would like to find a park.|There are some lovely parks in Cambridge, and most are free. Do you have a preference for what area of town the park is in?
In the south, I will also need the postcode of the park.|I'd recommend wandlebury country park, their postcode is cb223ae. Will that be all?
I'm going to need a train too, is that something you can help me do?|Yes. I need more information about your trip first though.
what do you want to know?|Where will you be going?
to cambridge on sunday from london kings cross, I need 7 tickets and the reference number|Do you have a departure time or arrival time that you'd like to narrow the results down with?
I just need it to arrive before 20:45|TR1688 leaves at 13:17 and arrives 14:08.  Is that acceptable?
Is there any other trains?|TR1681 is probably the best one for you. It arrives at 20:08.
Great, thanks! Will you please book 7 tickets, and send me the reference number?|You're all set. Your total is 132.16 GBP. You can pay that at the station. Your Reference number is : GNNG4MNQ. Can I assist you with anything else?
Nope, that's everything for today thank you. Have a great day!|Thanks, have a nice time in Cambridge.  Bye.
I need to find an expensive place to eat.|There are plenty of choices in the expensive range.  Do you have a particular food type or area you're interested in?
Yes, I'm looking for seafood.|loch fyne is an expensive restaurant in the expensive price range. Would like me to book it for you?
Yes. Can you book a table for 7 people on Monday at 12:45?|I'm sorry.  There are no reservations at that time.  Would you like to try another time slot or day?
Lets try earlier around 11:45?|The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : JQPIEJ2R. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes.  I'll need a train departing from Cambridge.|What day and time would you like to travel?
I would be traveling on tuesday and should leave norwich after 11:30.|There are 5 trains for that day departing after 11:30 what time would you like to arrive by?
I don't have a specific time I need to be there by, any train will do for the same number of people as before.|TR5949 departs cambridge at 11:36 and arrives ag 12:44.  May I book that for you?
Yes, please book this train. Also, I will need a reference number.|The booking was successful, the total fee due at the station is 123.2 GBP and the reference number is F14S262Z.
Thank you so much for your help with the restaurant and the train.|You're welcome. Have a nice day!
I'd like recommendations for a restaurant that serves Vietnamese food.|Thanh Binh is a cheap Vietnamese restaurant located in the west part of town at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre. You may contact them at 01223362456. Would you like to book?
Yes, please.  I need a table for 8 on Thursday at 16:30.|Okay the booking was successful. The reference number is WJCUA6MT.
Terrific.  I am also looking for a train to Cambridge.  Can you help me with that?|Sure thing, when will you be departing?
Thursday and I'll be leaving from birmingham new street.|There is a train leaving Birmingham New Street at 05:40 and arriving at 08:23 on Thursday. Would you like me to book that one?
Yes I need a booking for 8 people please.|I was able to book the train TR4235.  The Reference number is : NIR4Z9CN.
that's all i needed thanks!|You are all set?  Or would you like some help with something else?
No that is all. Cheers, bye.|Okay have a great day!
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|Sure, what can I help you with?
Are there trains leaving from Peterborough on Tuesday?|Yes, there are many trains leaving Peterborough on Tuesday, what are your arrival and departure times?
I'd like to arrive by 13:00. I'd also like to book seats for 6 people. Can you provide a reference number please?|Your booking has been successful. You will take the TR5060 at 11:48 and arrive at 12:38. Your fees are 99 GBP which you can pay at the station. FDPK5M0M
Yes I am also looking for an expensive restaurant on the west side.|what about graffiti? it looks lovely
Grand. Please can you give me the postcode and phone?|01223277977 is the phone number. cb30lx is the postcode. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you for your help!|Thank you for calling. Have a fantastic trip! Goodbye!
Hello! I was hoping you could help me find a 0-star place with free wifi.|There are 3 hotels that meet your search. Would you like a cheap or moderate priced hotel?
I would like a moderate priced hotel please.|How about Cityroomz, the don't have free parking though.
Parking is not important. Can you book Cityroomz for three people staying 2 nights starting Friday.|There is no rooms available for two nights.  Would you like to shorten your stay or try one of the other 2 hotels?
How about one night?|Yes that worked! You are booked into the hotel for one night and your reference number is UOW30ZYV.
Thank you for that! I'm also looking for a train to Cambridge from Leicester. Can you help me with that?|Certainly, there are trains from Cambridge to Leicester every hour at 21 past the hour from 05:21 to 23:21.  Do you have a date or time in mind?
I need one that arrives in Cambridge by 8:45 on Friday.|I have the TR2293 leaving cambridge at  6:21 and arriving at 8:06. Would you like me to book that one for you.
Yes please I need that for 3 people please|Your reservation is all set, reference number 8BIYBUOJ
Great. Thank you very much. That is all I need for today.|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service.
I'm looking for a train that leaves on Thursday to go to Cambridge.|Where are you departing from?
I am departing from Peterborough and leaving after 14:15.|Do you have a time that you want to arrive by?
no. book for 2 people and give me the reference number.|TR0904 has been booked for 2 people on thursday at 14:48, cost is 33 GBP and reference number is U120DUFH. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for something to do in town. Are there any facilities for multiple sports on the west side?|I'm sorry, there are no multiple sports attractions on the west side of the city. Is there a different type of attraction or a different area you'd like to try?
Can you please recommend a museum and give me their address?|I recommend Kettle's Yard on Castle Street. It is actually free!
Thank you very much, I appreciate your help. Good Bye.|Glad I could be of assistance. Please let me know if I can be of any further assistance.
I am looking to book a train.|I would be more than happy to help you find a train. Can you tell me where you will be departing from and where you would like to go?
I'm looking for a train that goes to leicester and arrives on sunday. The train needs to leave after 6:45 from cambridge.|Is there a time you need to arrive by?
I need to leave after 18:45, not the time I said before.|I have five options for your requested time with the closest leaving at 19:21. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please. Book it for 5 people. What is the reference number?|Your reference number is P5XAHU9D. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am also looking for a cheap place to dine.|I've got several choices for cheap dining.  Do you have a preference of area or food type?
Centre area, no food type preference, what do you recommend?|I have several options. How about the Dojo noodle bar? It's located at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre.
Sounds great, I'd like to book for the same number of people at 10:00 on the same day.|Unfortunately booking at that time was unsuccessful, do you have an alternate time you'd prefer?
Please try 9:00 instead on the same day.|They are not open at 9:00 on sunday. May I suggest another establishment?
Are you quite certain you can't get me a table at 9:00?|I am certain. Their phone number is 01223363471, perhaps you can call and speak with someone.
thank you I will call them|You're welcome. Is there anything else needed?
Actually, book that for me. Same number of people on the same day.|It appears to be booked up all day sunday. Can I recommend another restaurant that might be open that day?
Yes please do I am having no luck, I need the reference number then too.|I can do the j restaurant in the centre if that would be ok
Sure we can try to book that.|That doesn't seem to be working either.
Can you please locate another restaurant for me please that is accepting reservations on sunday.|I am sorry but on Sunday cheap restaurants in the centre are all completely booked. Is there something else I can help you with?
Please recommend the cheapest restaurant that is available and book it.  We need to eat!  Thanks!!!|Okay, the river bar steakhouse and grill can be booked at 9:00 on Sunday, I've booked for 5 people, the reference number is RFTEXMIX, is there anything else I can help with today?
No, thank you. You were very helpful.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I'm looking for a train to leave on thursday to arrive at broxbourne.|Where would you be departing from?
I will be leaving from Cambridge sometime after 7:00pm.|Train TR0146 should fit the bill. Would you like me to book you passage?
Yes.  I would like to book 4 people.|I've made those reservations the reference number is 2LAGCY07 and the price is 71.59 GBP.
Thank you.  Can yo also find an entertainment attraction in the centre of town?|I am sorry something more specific?
What about an attraction featuring architecture?|I dont have anything of the kind, should I look in another area?
I am looking for a attraction in the type of entertainment please,.|For some reason there are no entertainment attractions in the centre of town, are you able to go to another part of town?
Can you try again? There must be something.|Not in the centre. Do you have any other locations in mind?
how about something to do with architecture in the centre?|There's plenty to choose from, and most of them have free admission.
I would like a architecture in the centre please.|I recommend great saint mary's church, they are at market square, postal cb23pq, phone is 01223350914, entrance fee is 2 pounds but it is worth the admission.  Any further questions?
No, that's it. You've been very helpful. Have a great day|Have a wonderful time.
Thank you very much. Have a great day.|You, too. Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
Can you help me find a train leaving by 10:30 going to stansted airport?|What day do you perfre to leave ?
I prefer to leave on Saturday from Cambridge.|I only have a 10:40 on Saturday. Is that going to work for you?
It will arrive by 10:40 or will leave then?  I need to arrive by 10:30.|Yes I am sorry this is the only option I have.
Okay we will be late. I need tickets for 8 people.|This train would have you arriving at 11:08 and is 8.08 pounds per ticket. Would you like for me to book this for you?
If it is the only thing you have than I suppose I have no other choice, so yes. Can I get the reference number as well?|i'm sorry, someone entered the incorrect info. i can actually get you there by 10:08 on the TR2755 train.
Yes could you please book this train for me and send me the reference number.|You are booked, the total fee is 8.08 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : CPRIO59Y, can I help with anything else?
Yes, help find a place to go in the south part? Say, boating?|Unfortunately there aren't any boating places in the south part of town? Would you like to try another area?
Any area would be fine.|There are two boat options in the centre, and one each in the north and east.  What would your preference be?
Tell me about other entertaiment in the south|I have two listings for entertainment, nusha and tenpin.
I have heard nice things about Tenpin.  Can I please have their address?|Sure! They are at Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way, and their postcode is CB17DY. Can I help you with anything else?
maybe the address to the park|I'm sorry. To which park are you referring?
Sorry, I had a lot of background noise and didn't hear the address for Tenpin. Thank you for your understanding.|Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way, and their postcode is CB17DY.
Thanks very much for your help today.|Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! It was a pleasure to serve you, I hope you have a wonderful visit!
I'm looking for a hotel with a star rating of 0.|Yes I have 4 examples from cheap to moderately priced.
As long as it includes free parking, price doesn't matter.  Can you recommend one?  I do prefer hotels though, not a fan of guestrooms.|Unfortunately, I do not have anything that meets your criteria. I only have 2 guestrooms that fit your needs, but no hotels. Can I look for something else for you?
How about a 4 star rating instead?|The the cambridge belfry is a 4 star hotel that has a cheap price. Will this work for you?
That might just work out. Can I have their phone number please?|Of course. Their number is 01954714600. Would you like me to book the room?
Yes please. I would also like a train to broxbourne if that is okay.|No problem, where would you like to depart from, and on which day?
I would like to leave after 18:30 on friday. I want to depart from cambridge.|I would like to suggest the TR0943 train. May I book it for you?
Yes, can you book it for 3 people and provide me the reference number please.|Ok, you have 3 tickets for a total price of 53.7 GBP which is payable at the station. Your reference number is BIY1ALL0. Anything else you need help with?
No, I think that's it, thank you so much!|Okay, thank you for using our service.
Do you have any trains to leicester for Wednesday?|Yes, there are 19 trains running to Leicester on Wednesday, the first at 5:21 and then every hour thereafter. Would you like more specific information, or to book some tickets?
I will be departing from Cambridge after 12:15..|TR2854 leaves at 12:21 would that work for you?
Perfect. I'll need 8 tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 302.39 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : J3I2TFTK.
Are there any nice parks in town?|I have 5 different parks in town. Did you have a certain area of town you prefer?
No, any you recommend will be fine. I'll just need a phone number, postcode and address, please?|I'd recommend milton country park on milton country park, milton, cb46az. Their phone number is 01223420060. Will that be all?
Yes, I think that's all I needed. Have a good day. Goodbye.|Thank you for using our service today!
Can you help me book some train tickets?|Sure! Where are you departing from and what is your destination?
I am leaving from Cambridge.|I'll need to get some more information. Can you tell me your destination and when you will be travelling?
I am going to bishops stratford at 12:45 on thursday.|You would like to leave bishops stratford at 12:45?
Yes, on Thursday. Can you book me a train for 3 people please?|Okay the TR 2929 leaves at 11:29 and arrives at 12:07. Would you like me to book this?
I'm looking for a train to cambridge on Saturday.|Where would you be departing from?
I will be departing from Ely.|Could you leave on Friday?  There are no trains available on Saturday from Ely to Cambridge.
Sorry, I misspoke. I am actually departing from Broxbourne.|There are about 19 trains available. I can narrow that down some if you tell me if you want to leave or arrive by a certain time.
I would like to arrive by 15:30.|There are 9 trains that meet your criteria that day, one leaving every hour from 05:32. Do you have a departure time preference?
No, we just want to get there either at or right before 15:30, please. Can you get me 8 tickets on the closest train to that time?|8 tickets for the TR7846 leaving at 09:32 your reference number is D0CG7JD3. Anything else today?
I'm sorry, I meant that I need 5 ticket for the train booked. Can you fix this?|Yes sure. I booked that for you for 5 people and the reference number is  IFXPNYHS.
Hello, are their any trains going to leicester?|Yes, many! Do you know what day you're traveling?
I am traveling on Saturday and I want to arrive by 15:15. I will be departing from Cambridge.|The earliest you could arrive is 7:06. Would you like to try a different day?
Is there a time between 07:06 and 15:15?  Please check again.|Sure! There's one that arrives at 15:06.
Are you able to book that for me?|Yes, would you like a reference number?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|Sure, I can do that.  How many tickets would you like me to book?
I need 8 tickets, please.|i booked that for you. your reference number is 12pc3j4w.
Thanks so much. I also needed to find out more information about Clare College.|They are in the west 2.50.  On trinity lane, postal cb21tl.  Entrance fee is 2.50 pounds, any further questions?
I also need to find something to do.|There are many different options available to you. What type of attraction are you looking for?
I'm sorry. I just need a little more information on Clare College. May I have the phone number, please?|Certainly, they can be reached at 01223333200, any other questiosn today?
What area are they located?|Clare College is in the west.
Ok thank you for the information.|Have a nice day.
Hello, I need a train that will be departing from Birmingham New Street on monday.|Many trains leave from Birmingham New Street on Monday. What time of day would you like to travel?
I would like to leave for Cambridge after 13:00.|TR1328 leaves Birmingham New Street at 13:40 and arrives in Cambridge at 16:23. Would you like to purchase a ticket?
Yes, I'll need 8 ticket on that train, please. And may I have the reference number?|Your booking was successful. The total fee is 600.79 GBP, payable at the station, and your reference number is 35RQLG92.
Can you also help me find a place to visit while I am in town. Maybe a museum?|There are 23 museums. Which area would you like?
I don't have a preference. Could you just give me the phone number of the first museum on the list please?|The first museum is the Broughton House Gallery. Their phone number is 01223314960. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need, Thank you.|We appreciate your business. Thank you for using our services, take care!
I am looking for the soul tree nightclub.|That's a great spot for nightlife! It's located in the city centre and they only charge 4 pounds for their entrance fee.
What area is it located in and what is the postcode?|The postcode is cb23qf. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I'm looking for a train to Cambridge on Monday.|I can certainly help you with that. Where will you be departing from?
Stansted Airport. I'll need a train that leaves after 10:45.|I have train TR5754 that will be departing at 11:24 and will arrive by 11:52. Do you think that would work for you?
Yes that will work. Can we book for 5 people?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 50.5 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is 7TR7SDNQ.
Thanks!  That's all I need for today.  Goodbye.|Thank you and have a good trip.
i need a train out of cambridge after 17:30|I'd be happy to help. What is your destination?
I'd like to get to London King's Cross on Thursday.|The only option we have is the TR6595 which leaves at 19:00. Does thatwork for you?
Yes, please book it for 5 people.|Your reference number is STVHW0DA.
Can you locate a Starbucks Coffee near the train station in London King's Cross?|There is one 3 blocks from the station,is there anything else ?
I am also looking for a cheap place to stay that has wifi.|Ok.  There are 10 cheap places with wifi.  Were you looking for a certain part of town?
It doesn't matter, but I want it to be zero stars.|El Shaddai gets zero stars and so does the City Centre North B and B.
Which one of those is the cheapest?|It appears they about the same price.
Ok please book El Shaddai for 5 people and 4 nights starting sunday|Booking was successful. Reference number is : BV84E4XA. What else can I assist you with?
That is all I need today. Thank you for your help.|Have a wonderful day. If there is anything else just let me know.
I am looking for a guesthouse in Cambridge in a moderate price range. Can you help?|Yes, there are several guest houses available, do you have a specific area you'd like to stay at?
No, I'm flexible on the area but I would really like them to offer both free parking and free wifi.|I would definitely recommend the acorn guest house. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, for 7 people. We want to check in on Friday and stay for two nights.|I couldn't get you that length of stay at the Acorn. Would you like to try a shorter stay or a different guesthouse?
How about 1 night?|They were able to accommodate you for one night. Your reference number is PG2V8WLA.
I also need a train leaving from norwich  arriving at in Cambride by 13:45|What day do you want to travel?
The same day as my hotel booking, please.|I am sorry but there are no trains available at that time.  Would you like to try another day or time?
Yes please.  Please recommend my best option. An earlier time would be fine.|We do have TR8151 that leaves Norwich at 12:16 and arrives in Cambridge at 13:35.  Would this work for you?
Yes, that's perfect. Please book for the same day, Friday, and the same number of people, 7.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 123.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 09J2HO3T. Is there anything more I can assist you with?
Thank you kind person for helping me!|Do you need anything else?
No, that will be all, thank you.|Thanks for using our system!
Help me find a moderate priced british food place please.|restaurant one seven is a nice place. Do you want to book?
Not at this time. Could I just get the phone number?|Their phone number is 01223337766. Do you need assistance with anything else?
Is that restaurant in the Centre?|Yes, restaurant one seven is located in the centre.
Perfect, could you just tell me their phone number?|The phone number is 01223337766
I also need a train from Ely to Cambridge on Tuesday to arrive by 12:30.|TR3412 leaves at 11:35 and arrives at 11:52. Will this one work for you?
Yes please book it for 8 people|I will work on booking this and be right back with you.
I need it for 8, as I said. Do you have the reference number?|Your reference number is T790DS3O and the total fee is 35.2 GBP, which is payable at the station.
Actually, I need to change my reservation. I need the train to arrive by 11:30 instead.|We will have to start over now.
Yes, sorry.  Tuesday, leaving Ely and getting to Cambridge by 11:30.|Your updated train is now TR4669. Your new reference number is 2T4NNGG9. The total fee remains the same. The train departs at 09:35 and arrives at 09:52. Anything else?
No, that should be all. thank you very much.|you are welcome any time
Okay, well I suppose this is goodbye then.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
Yes, I am visiting cambridge, and would like to know what theatres are available in town|There are 5 theatres. Will you be in the centre or south part of Cambridge?
Oh I'm not picky, can you pick one for me?|I'm going to recommend The Junction for you.  It's located on Clifton Way.  Would you like the phone number to see what is playing and when?
No thank you. However, I am looking for a train. I need to depart from London Kings Cross and travel to Cambridge.|When would you like to travel?
Wednesday and I need to leave after 13:30 please.|TR0397 will leave at 15:17 and arrive at 16:08. Would you be interested in booking this train?
Yes, that would be fine. I need to make the booking for 8 people, please.|I've booked that for you.  The reference number is 1LHOCOGA.  Anything else I can do for you?
That is all. Thank you, good bye.|Please contact us anytime. Goodbye.
I need a train from broxbourne|What day would you like to travel to Broxbourne?
I need to leave on Thursday.|Do you have time travel preference?
Yes, time travel would be fine. But I need to get to Cambridge by 11:45 at the latest.|My apologies about the confusion, it looks like the best option for you is the TR5979, which leaves at 10:32 and arrives at 11:32. Shall I book this for you?
Yes, please book this for 8 people. I will also need the reference number.|Booking was successful for TR5979, the total fee is 143.19 GBP payable at the station.  Your reference number is : CNUS8VFV. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm looking for a hotel with free wifi. It doesn't need to have free parking.|Will a guesthouse do, or are you only interested in a hotel?
Just a hotel, and it needs a three star raiting.|I've got the gonville hotel with a 3 star rating.  Would you like me to make a booking for you?
No thank you. I just need the price and the postcode please.|Certainly, the postcode for gonville hotel is cb11ly. the price range for the hotel is expensive, but I don't have the actual price.
Thank you. That's all I need for now.|hobsons house looks good, it's got a 3 star rating and wifi. would you like me to book it?
Is that a hotel. If so, could you get me the postcode and price range please.|Hobsons house is a guesthouse and the postcode is cb39lh. It is in the moderate price range. Would you like to book a room?
No, I'll book one when I get there. Thank you for your help!|I'm happy to have been of service. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that is all I needed.|Okay then, you have a wonderful day!
I need a train to leave cambridge and arrive by 19:00|sure, what is your destination?
My destination is going to be stansted airport|What day will you be traveling?
I should leave on Thursday.|Okay, the 17:40 train arriving at 18:08 will get you to the airport a little early.
Great. Can you book me 7 seats on that train?|Here is your reference number IVUVQUHJ and the total fee is 70.7 GBP. Is their anything else I can help you with?
I also want to eat Modern European in the south.|restaurant alimentum is the place for you! Do you need a reservation?
Yes, please, make it for the same group (7 people), 10:00 on the same day.|Your booking has been made at Restaurant Alimentum for Thursday at 10:00.  Reference number is 1U8QWEDC.
Thanks for the help! Goodbye.|Have a great trip!  I hope you enjoy your trip!
I'm looking for a place to stay. Please list all hotels in the north that include free wifi.|I have two hotels that match that criteria, the Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge. They are both hotels.
Which one is cheap?|There are no hotels in the north in the cheap price range.  Both of these hotels are moderately priced.  Can I check another area for you?
None in the north that are cheap?|No, none of them are cheap in the north. Would you like to change your criteria?
Are there any cheap restaurants in the centre that I can try?|Yes, there are many. What type of cuisine are you interested in?
can you suggest one, I am not picky, just need the type and address|Sure!  The Golden House is a Chinese restaurant that's located at 12 Lensfield Road, City Centre.  Would you like a table reserved?
No thank you.  I need to find a train leaving Cambridge after 16:30.|I have 5 different trains leaving Cambridge on Friday evening, which destination do you prefer: kings cross or liverpool street?
I actually need to go to stevenage.|What day do you need to leave?
I would like to leave on Tuesday, please.|There are trains leaving Cambridge every two hours starting at 17:21 and arriving in Stevanage one hour later. Which time do you prefer?
17:21 sounds fine. Please make a booking for 1 person and let me know the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 12.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : L9DAX54Q.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you goodbye|You're very welcome. Good-bye.
Where can I find the best architecture?|You must see great saint mary's church!!
Sounds great. Can I get the address and postcode for that?|Certainly! It is located in Market Square, which is in the center of town, and the postcode is CB23PQ. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Please book the ticket.|I'm sorry, I do not understand your request. Would you like help with anything else?
Yes, could you suggest some thai restaurants in the area?|You didn't select restaurant so I can not assist. Please fix.
I am looking for a train from London Kings Cross to Cambridge. I need to leave after 15:15 on Friday.|TR8842 will leave at 15:17 and arrive by 16:08. Would you like to make a reservation?
Sounds great I need reservations for 7. I also need the reference number.|Great, you're booked. The reference number is : WEHJ6M9J. Anything else I can help you with today?
Can you call the police because my purse was snatched as i sitting on this bench talking to you.|Absoluting I will get right on that.
Jaja.. You're funny. Thanks for all your help today. Have a great day! Goodbye|of course, enjoy your visit!
I need a list of cheap places to stay that include free parking.|Alexander bed and breakfast is in the cheap price range in the centre of town.
Okay, does that place include free wifi and it is 4 stars?|Yes, the Alexander has free wifi and is a 4 star hotel.  How many nights will you be staying?
I will be staying 5 nights starting from Saturday.|Thank you so much for that information. How many people in your party so I can make the booking for you?
Yes, can you book it for 6 people?|Booking was successful. Your reference number is QIT1W09H. Do you need anything else?
Thank you. I also need a train to Kings Lynn that leaves on Sunday.|There are 19 trains leaving Cambridge on Sunday. When would you like to depart?
Please give me some information on byard art|It is a museum in south with free admission.  What else can I help you with?
Can you give me the postcode and phone number?|Sure thing 01223464646 and cb21sj.
Thanks so much. I am also looking for a train to Cambridge.|Could you please tell me where you will be leaving from and day of travel
I will be leaving from stansed airport on tuesday.|I have a lot of options for you, was there a specific time you wanted to leave the Stansted Airport?
Yes, it should leave on Tuesday and arrive by 14:00.|I have a train that arrives at 13:53. Would you like a booking?
Yes, I'll need 8 tickets.|your all set, confirmation #4WAQDQ0Y. Anything else?
I don't need anything else.|Have a great time and enjoy your visit to Cambridge!
I would like to find out information about a hotel called Warkworth House.|Warkworth house is a guesthouse in the east area.  It is moderate pricing with 4 stars.  It offers free parking and internet. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please. It'll be for 4 nights.|I will go ahead and book your room.
Thank you.  Can I get a reference number for the booking?|In order to book, can you tell me the number of guests, number of nights and the day of the week you want to start your stay?
I need to book it to 2 people for 4 nights starting from wednesday.|Okay the booking was successful. The reference number is HZ6B38TH.
I'm also looking for a train. I'll be traveling back to Broxbourne on Friday.|Will you be leaving from Cambridge.
yes i will  be leaving from Cambridge.|What time would you like to leave around?
I would like to leave after 10:30.|TR7372 leaves Cambridge at 11:01 and arrives at broxbourne by 12:01, would that train work for you?
Yes that will work. I need to book it for 2 people.|i have booked that for you. your reference number is xhrx4ig7.
Can you find me a expensive cafe to eat at once i get off the train?|What type of food would you like?
I actually don't need a place to eat. Thank you, that is all.|To be clear do you need me to fine you a place to eat?
That is helpful.Thanks|I'm confused. Should I look for a restaurant?
No, I'm sorry. That's all for now. Thank you for all your help.|Thank you for using this service good bye
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|great, what would you like to know?
Are there any expensive restaurants in the south?|There are five expensive restaurants in the south. Would you like Mexican, Italian, Indian, or Chinese food?
italian food willl do|Frankie and bennys is available, would you like to book it?
Yea, please book me for 8 people on wednesday at 14:30.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : 1E5RVHJE.is there any other way i can help you?
I also need a train.|What time and where are you departing and arriving?
I would like it to leave after 10:00.|There are 2058 trains to pick from. I'll need to know your departure and destination locations
I'll be leaving Cambridge going to Ely, I'd like to leave after 10:00.|There is one that leaves at 11:50 arriving at 12:07. Would that work for you?
It does and could you please book it for 15 people and could you also give me the reference number?|Unfortunately, I am unable to book at this time.
Sorry I actually need that for 8 people on Thursday.|You are all set, the reference number is OY6PZ53J cost is 35.2 GBP payable at the station .  Any other questions today?
Nope you've been wonderful, thanks for all the help.|Thank you for the call, have a great trip.
I want to book a train that departs from Cambridge and arrives in Peterborough by 21:45.|Not a problem. What day will that be for?
I would like to travel on Saturday., Cambridge to Bishops Stortford.|I have about 8 trains going that route. The last train for that route arrives at 20:07. It leaves at 19:29. Would this arrival time work for you?
Yes, please book this for 4 people, please give me the reference number.|Ok. TR 4673 is booked for 4 people. The reference number is BY93GO28.
Okay great. Thank you very much.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like to book a restaurant for 4 people after I arrive.|I am sorry, I have no details for restaurants at your Bishops Stortford destination. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you.|Are you sure? If you know which area, (east, west, centre, etc...), or what type of food you're looking for, I would be happy to find you a restaurant.
No, that's all. Thanks!|You are welcome. Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
I am looking a train arriving by 17:45 that leaves on Friday.|sure, what is your destination?
Leaving cambridge and going to norwich.|TR7747 leaves cambridge on friday and arrives in norwich at 16:55. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, book for three people, please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 8MRK0X44.
Thank you so much. I appreciate it. Can you also help me find a British restaurant in the centre of town?|i have 7 british restaurants in the centre of town. which price range would you prefer?
expensive price range will be good|How about midsummer house restaurant?
That sounds good. What is their postcode and what is their phone number?|Postcode is cb41ha and phone number is 01223369299. Would you like for me to make a reservation for you?
Thank you, that will be all.|I hope you enjoy your dinner.
I am looking for place to stay in Cambridge. I would like a 4 star hotel that includes free parking, please.|I have many available. Did you have a specific area in mind?
I have no preference in area but I would like something in the cheap price range.|How about the Leverton House in the east?
Does it include free parking?  I need the address, phone, and hotel type.|It is a guesthouse with free parking located at 732-734 newmarket road. Phone number is 	01223292094. Should I book it for you?
Not right now. Can you look for a train for me. It should go to birmingham new street and arrive by 15:45.|I have several trains can you tell me what day  you plan to travel?
I'd like to travel on Sunday, please.|I have train TR6725 leaving at 5:01 and arriving 7:44 on sunday. Would you like to make reservations?
Yes, please. I'll be traveling alone this time.|OK, booking was successful, the total fee is 60.08 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : Z42S9C3R. Can I help you with anything else?
No that seems to be everything. Thank you.|Have a great day!
Can you help me find a place to stay maybe a expensive guesthouse?|I have no expensive guesthouse's. Would you like to try a hotel or a different price range?
I was really wanting a guesthouse in the east with an expensive price range and include free parking.|I am showing nothing matching your request. Did you want to try another search?
Well, I preferred a guesthouse but since there are none, can you see if there are any hotels with my other specifications staying the same?|express by holiday inn cambridge	fits that description. can i book for you?
Yes please, 8 people for 5 nights starting thursday, and can I get the reference number?|Of course! Your confirmation number is : NA5IKOHZ. Can I assist you with anything else today?
That's great! I need a train. It should leave after 20:45 from Birmingham New Street.|what day, monday or friday please? And how many tickets? And are you going to Cambridge?
Yes, I'm going to Cambridge and I need to leave on Thursday.|I have three trains.  Do you need to book some tickets?
Yes please.  And I need the reference number please.|I will work on booking this for you and be back with you shortly.
Great, thanks so much|How many tickets will you need?
I will need eight tickets please.|Okay, let me work on booking that and I will be back with you shortly.
Thank you so much!|Okay, sorry about the wait. I have booked 8 tickets for train TR7324. It will leave 21:40 and costs 600.79 GBP. The reference number is 2I340EJN.
rad that's all i need now|Have a great day. Goodbye.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge, Looking for a place to dine|You have come to the right place!  What kind of food do you like?
Nothern European food, please|I was unable to find any northern european restaurants
Ok.  How about just european?  Any luck there?|what is your price range to narrow down our choices?
I would like to find a expensive one please.|I have five restaurants that offer european foods, 3 at the center, 1 on west and that other one on the north. Which are do you prefer?
Whichever you recommend. Can I have the phone number, postcode, and address, please?|I recommend the Eraina. The address is on Free School Lane City Centre, cb23rh. The phone number is 01223368786
Okay. I;m looking for a train that departs from cambridge on tuesday and arrives by 08:00 in london kings cross.|I recommend TR3343.  It leaves Cambridge at 07:00 and arrives in London Kings Cross by 7:51.  Will that work for you? I can reserve a spot?
Yes please reserve a spot and give me the reference number after.|How many tickets will you need?
I will need two tickets.|I have booked you 2 tickets.
What is the booking reference number?|The reference number is NMEZYUQT. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you for your help today|You're very welcome! Bye now!
I'm looking for a train please.|Where are you leaving from and where would you like to go?
I plan to leave from stevenage to go to Cambridge.|Okay. There are 70 trains that go from stevenage to cambridge. Would you like to narrow it down by day or time?
I want to leave on Sunday and arrive by 12:15.|trainID	departure	destination	day	leaveAt	arriveBy	price	duration	book (optional) TR1542	stevenage	cambridge	sunday	05:54	06:43	10.24 pounds	49 minutes	 TR5870	stevenage	cambridge	sunday	07:54	08:43	10.24 pounds	49 minutes	 TR7802	stevenage	cambridge	sunday	09:54	10:43	10.24 pounds	49 minutes	 TR8225	stevenage	cambridge	sunday	11:54	12:43	10.24 pounds	49 minutes	 are the opitions
Thank you, I will check them out and get back to you.|You are welcome. Call back anytime you are ready to book.
That information is very overwhelming. Can you please pick the best option that meets my criteria and book for 6 people.|I would like to book the TR7802	stevenage cambridge	sunday	09:54	10:43, please.
I think you're confused. I need the info, you're the help desk.|I apologize for the mistake. I have booked six tickets for you and your party on the TR7802 train departing from Stevenage at 09:54 and arriving at Cambridge at 10:43.
That's more like it. And, what's the reference number?|Your reference number is DDBA2U1R. The total fee is 61.44 GBP payable at the station. May I help with something else?
That was all. Thank you|Thanks for using our services.
I am looking for a train to London Liverpool Street.|There are many trains that travel from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street. What day and time would you like to travel?
I would like to leave Friday and arrive by 17:45.|TR5212 departs from cambridge and arrives at london liverpool street. It leaves on Friday 17:59. Would you like to book it?
No, that one won't work. I have to arrive by 17:45.|I have train TR9956 that departs at 15:59 and will get you there by 17:27. Would that work for you?
Yes, that would work. Can you book me 4 tickets please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 66.4 GBP payable at the station .  Reference number is : X5EM7DTZ.   Is there anything else?
Would you like to make another reservation?|Your train has been booked, reference number X5EM7DTZ.  Is there anything else that you need help with today?
what attractions do you have in the south?|There is a lovely park, Wandlebury Country Park.  There is a great theatre on Clifton Way as well.  It is called The Junction.  Do either sound interesting?
Can I get the postcode and entrance fee for The Junction?|I do not show an entrance fee amount and the postcode is cb22ad. Can I help you with anything else today?
No.  I think that's everything. Thank you for your help.|Thank you and enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for a 3 star place to stay that includes free parking.|I have five places that fit your requirements so far. What part of town would you like to be in and what is your pricerange?
I'm looking for something in the north. I don't care so much about the price, but I want it to be all inclusive, no charging extra for wifi.|Hamilton lodge is available, would that work for you?
does it have free wifi|Yes it does. May I book it for you?
That would be great. I need a reservation for 4 people for 4 nights starting on Thursday.|Alright, got your room booked. Your reference number is: 8XRZ12RV. Anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, I am looking for a train leaving Kings Lynn on the same day as my hotel check in date.|I have 19 trains.  Where is your destination?
My destination is Cambridge and I should arrive by 20:00. Please book tickets for thursday for 4 people. I'll also need the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : FZ0XR4CR.
Great, that is all I need.|Great.  Thanks for letting us assist you today!
Hi, I'm searching for a place called Magdalene College.|I'm familiar with that school.  Great college located on Magdalene Street.  What would you like to know?
Yes can you please get me the info?|It's a college located on the west side of town. Admission is free and you can contact them at 01223332138. Also, the postcode is cb30ag. Do you need anything else?
Yes I need to find a train that will leave after 13:00 and arrive Cambridge.|How about TR4748 that leaves at 13:17?
does it leave on monday?|That specific train does not, but we have another one leaving at 13:17 on Monday departing from london kings cross. Is this one you would be interested in booking?
No.  I am leaving from Kings Lynn and going to Cambridge. I am NOT departing from London Kings.|Ok I changed it,Would you like me to book it for you ?
I need to book a train from bishops stortford to Cambridge on Saturday arriving in Cambridge before 12:30.|I have TR4594, leaving at 11:29 and arriving in 12:07. Is that OK?
I actually need to leave after 20:30 on Friday. So whatever is closest to that time will be fine.|Okay. The TR4549 leaves at 21:29. Will that suit?
Yes that works.  Can you book it for 5 people and send me the reference number?|Ok I have 5 tickets booked on TR4549. Your reference number is NTPYZBY4.
Thanks! Can you also check and see what 3-star guesthouses you have?|We are listing four guest houses. Which area of town are you looking for?
The east part of town, it should also include free wifi.|I'm sorry but there are no guesthouses that I can see on the East side of town, can I look in a different location?
Yes, are there any 3 star guesthouses in the west that include free wifi?|Yes there is Hobsons house is in the west and has free wifi.
Okay, I need a hotel for same group of people for two nights starting Friday, and I'll need reference number, please.|I have successfully booked the hotel for you! Your reference number is NKEKLJ0D. Can I help you with anything else?
That sounds perfect, I think that's all I need today. Thanks so much for your help.|You're welcome, thank you for using our service!
Please help me find a guesthouse or hotel that has free parking.  I prefer a guesthouse though.|There are many. Is there a particular area you prefer?
No, but I'd like it to be moderately priced.|they are many here. we can narrow them down by stating how many stars you want.
that could be anywhere. book for me  for 3 people and 4 nightsstarting from sunday.|The acorn guest house is a good option for you.
Okay sounds good can you make a booking for 3 people and 4 nights starting from sunday.|Great! I booked that room for you. Here is your reference number RKBQJ4LX.
I've got another request I need assistance with please. I am looking to Stansted Airport via train and need help booking it.|Sure, do you know what day you're traveling?
I will travel on Thursday.|Where will you be departing from?
Can you help me find a train leaving Cambridge, to arrive by 12:00?|Where is your destination?
I am going to Ely.|On what day will you be travelling?
Actually, I need to go Birmingham New Street and will be traveling on Friday.|I have train TR3732 arriving at 11:44 that is the closest I have to 12:00.
That is perfect.  Can you book 1 seat for me please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : NCZQBZUY.
I am also looking for a guesthouse in the north that has free parking.|acorn guest house would be perfect. Shall I book it ?
yes, please. I want to book it for the same group of people and 4 nights starting from monday.|I am having trouble booking that for you. Lets try others.
How about tuesday?|Yes, I am able to book the Acorn Guest House on Tuesday, for four days. Would you like to process this?
Yes, give me the reference number.|Sorry, my system isn't able to process this right now. You may want to contact the hotel directly.
Okay, thank you. Good bye.|Good bye. Sorry I couldn't help more. Have a great day.
Can you help me find information about a hotel called huntingdon marriott hotel?|Yes, its a four star that is a little pricey. Would you like the phone number or address?
Yes, the area of the city and the address.|Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is in the West  and the address is kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon.
Thanks. I also need a train departing from cambridge on thursday.|My pleasure. What is your destination and do you have any time constraints?
I would like to go to Stevenage and leave after 11:00.|There is a train leaving at 11:21 would you like me to book this?
Please do. I need 8 tickets|I've made those reservations and your reference number is W29ZP27K.
thank you for all of your help|Can I be of further assistance today?
That was all that I needed today thanks|excellent, have a great day!
I am looking for attractions in the centre.|The city centre has many attractions to offer. Do you have a specific type of attraction you are interested in?
I would like the attraction in the centre, and I would like the amount of the entrance fees in the centre.|There are many museums with free entrance, or nightclubs with fees around 4-5 pounds.  Would you be interested in more information on any of these?
Actually, can you find a train to birmingham new street for me? I need to leave after 19:45.|What is your departure site and day of travel?
Should depart from Cambridge and go to Birmingham New Street|There are 28 trains that fit that criteria, what time would you like to arrive?
It doesn't matter, the first train after 19:45 works for me. I need to book it for four people, and please provide the reference number.|I was able to book 4 tickets on train TR7769 departing at 20:01 and arriving at 23:44. Your reference number is H6UCCIBA. Is there anything else?
No, that will do it!  Thank you for all your help!|You're welcome. Have a great day.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|sure, do you need some information?
I need to book a train from Cambridge to Leicester, leaving after 20:00 on Sunday.|There are 4 options leaving after 20:00, by what time do you want to arrive in leicester?
It doesn't matter when I arrive, but I need to make a booking for 5 people. And I definitely need a reference number for the booking.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 151.19 GBP payable at the station, your reference number is EM5AYOET. Will that be all?
Actually, I could use some help finding something fun to do in the north.|There are several swimmingpools as well as a park and a boat attraction in the north. do any of these appeal to you?
Can you give me the address for the park?|The address is milton country park, milton, cb46az. Will that be all?
no that will be all thank you|Do you need anything else?
No thank you.|Okay, have a great day!
I am looking for a place to eat that's in the centre and serves Turkish food. Can you help me?|sure, i have 3 options for you
Great! Can I get the address of one of them.|May I recommend efes restaurant. They are located on King Street City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you wtih?
I need the address, post code and price range for the efes restaurant.|Efes restaurant in the moderate price range located at King Street City Centre. Their post code is cb11ln
Thanks I also need a train going to Stevenage on Thursday.|Trains leave for Stevenage at 21 past the hour, every 2 hours. What time would you like to travel?
Well, I'd like to get there by 12:00 or a little before, so is there a train at 09:21 or 10:21? I'll need 1 ticket.|the TR0552 train arrives at 10:10 at stevenage.
Ok, can I get one ticket please?|Your seat on the train is reserved, reference #7D3H801W.
Well thanks a lot. You were great help.|Is there anything more I can be of assistance with?
Nope thats everything thanks|Thank you so much for calling. Have a great trip. Goodbye.
Can you find me a train on thursday?  I am leaving from cambridge.|Of course. Where are you headed?
I'm going to Liverpool Street in London.|I have 10 trains going to Liverpool Street from Cambridge on Thursday. What time do you need to arrive?
I want to arrive by 15:00.|I have train TR5504 that leaves at 11:59 and arrives by 13:27. Would this fit your schedule?
No, find me one that leaves after 08:00 please.|TR2715 leaves at 09:59 and arrives by 11:27, does this suit your needs better?
Can you book for 8 people? Please include the reference number.|Your reference number is 8P0JZI40 and you'll owe 132.8 GBP.  Anything else I can do?
I also need to find a place to visit in the west part of town.|Is there anything in particular you'd like to see in the west part of town?
There's nothing in particular. Could you recommend something fun to do?|The magdalene college sounds like a blast and its also free.
Can you give me the phone number, please?|The phone number is 01223332138.
Great! What is their postcode please?|Their postcode is cb30ag
Thank you, that will do it for me today.|Enjoy your time at the college!
Hi. I am looking for a good attraction in the east part of town.|I would recommend the cambridge museum of technology, would you like any information about that?
Yes.  What is the postcode and phone number?|The phone number is 01223368650, and the code is cb58ld. is that all?
I'm also looking for a train that departs from cambridge and arrives by 13:45.|What day will you be traveling, and what is your destination?
Tuesday, Cambridge to Brouxbourne.|There are 8 trains for you to choose from, do you have a specific departure time you'd prefer?
Not particularly, there will be 3 of us.|Booking was successful. Train ID is TR2368. The total fee is 53.7 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is: K7SSYP8J. Can I help with anything else?
No, that is all. Thank you, goodbye.|You're very welcome. Text us back anytime!
I need a train for cambridge, I would like to arrive by 14:15.|I have found several for you. What day would you like to leave?
I'll be leaving Norwich on Friday.|TR8151 will arrive in cambridge at 13:35. Will that work?
Yes. I need two tickets, please.|I've booked that for you, and your reference number is U6FY6WAD.
Can you find me an expensive indian restaurant?|Curry garden is in the expensive price range and serves Indian food.
Great, can you book me a table for the same group of people at 19:15 on the same day?|Success! Your reference number is DBUN9LUJ. They'll hold your table for 15 minutes, in case you're running a little late. Need any other help?
Nope. I think thats it. Have a good one. Bye for now.|Thanks, you too.  Goodbye.
I need a train leaving friday that will arrive by 16:30|Certainly, there are plenty of options, the train that arrives closest to 16:30 arrives at 14:43. Shall I book it, if so for how many riders?
Sure book 1 ticket from kings lynn to cambridge|Now that we've specified, we have one that arrives at 14:58, the TR6844. Does this still work?
I need booking for eight people if there is room. If so, book it and send a reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 78.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 59LWLXZ4. Can I help you with anything else?
I need a place to stay with a 4 star rating in the north please|Certainly, there are 8 guesthouse type accommodations in the north area that are 4 stars. Does parking or wifi matter to you?
I am indifferent to parking but free wifi is a necessity.|All the selections have wifi, 7 of the 8 hotels are moderately priced, but one is in the cheaply priced range.
Great, book me one of those for 8 people. We'll stay from Friday for 5 nights. I'll need a reference number, please.|I booked you what you requested at the avalon hotel. Your reference number is J8LR3GIP. Can we help you with anything else?
No, I appreciate your help!|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service.
I'm looking for a train that leaves after 13:45 on Wednesday.|Can you give me departure and destination locations, please?
Yes. I'm departing from Broxbourne and going to Cambridge.|The TR3470 leaves at 16:32. That's the first train on that route after 13:45.
Thank you, can I get tickets for 2 people and the reference number if successful?|I will book that for you now.
Can I have that reference number please?|I will have that reference number in one moment.
Okay thank you, and I need the postcode too.|Booking was successful. Reference number is ZT7XX7WQ. Do you need anything else?
I'm looking for a place to go in town.  I'm looking in the city centre.  Do you have anything available? What is the postcode?|what kind of attraction do you want?
can you recommend something fun. i dont know this area.|I recommend Vue Cinema in centre.  The zip code is CB11ps.
thanks. i think that took care of everything. thanks. bye.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I'm looking to get on a train on Saturday.|From where to where?
I'm leaving from London Liverpool Street and I need to arrive in Cambridge by 09:30.|the TR2503 will get you to your destination at 9:07.
Perfect. Can you book that for me for 3 people?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.83 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is YSVSLY1L. Is there anything else you need today?
I also need a hotel in the East.|Do you need parking at the hotel?
It doesn't matter, but I do need free wifi and the hotel should have a star of 4.|We have some moderately priced guesthouses and some cheap ones. There are no hotels. Do you have a preference?
Guesthouse type is fine.|Which price range would you like?
I'm open to different price ranges. What is available?|A and B Guest House would be my suggestion? Would you like me to make a reservation?
no, how much does it cost, and I need the address & postcode too please|Their postcode is cb12dp and their address is 124 tenison road. The hotel is moderately priced
That sounds great thank you for your help.|You are most welcome. Good day.
I'd like to find a train please.|OK, do you know what day and time you're traveling?
I will be traveling on Wednesday and need to arrive in Ely by 9:30.|And where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Cambridge and I'll need 7 tickets total. Can I have the reference number after you book the tickets,please?|I have train TR1955 arriving at 08:07 will that work for you?
Yes, please book that.  Also, I am looking for a hotel named the allenbell.  Can you find information on it for me?|I booked 7 tickets for you on the TR1955. Your reference is JS5U3C0K. I will now help you find information on the allenbell
Thank you. I will need a price range, whether or not they have free parking, and the area please.|It's a cheap guesthouse in the east side of town. They have free parking. Do you need anything else?
No, that's all.|Your welcome. Is has been a pleasure assisting you today. Goodbye
Hi I am looking for a hotel called limehouse.|Limehouse is a moderately priced guesthouse with 4 stars located North of cambridge. Their phone number is 01223300552. How else can I assist you today?
Can I book a room starting sunday for 4 nights and seven people?|Unfortunately I can't book that. Would you like to try another day or a shorter stay?
Yes, would you try to book it for three nights?|The Limehouse has been booked for 7 people for 3 days, starting on Sunday. The reference number is QHGUALFE.
Thank you. Can you book us a train that gets there by 13:15?|Yes. I will need to know where you will be departing from and what day you would like to take the train?
I am looking to go to cambrige and arrive by 13:15, and want to go on sunday, it should depart from kings lynn.|I have a train that leaves Kings Lynn at 05:11 and arrives in Cambridge at 05:58. Will that do?
That's okay I guess, but is there any later train? We're not early birds.|Yes, I recommend train TR1152 that arrived y 12:58
That's much better, thank you. I'll need tickets for 7.|Great. I have booked 7 tickets for you. The total free is 54.88 GBP and payable at the station. The reference number is 68C4UWDM.
Thank you so much. I think that did it for today. Have a great one!|Glad to have been of help! Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I need a train from norwich leaving after 09:15. Thank you.|Great, I have a train leaving there at 9:16. Would you like to book that?
Does it leave at that time on Sunday?|Sorry but can i get your destination please?
Going to Cambridge.|The 09:16 train from Norwich to Cambridge does leave on Sunday. You would arrive by 10:35. Would you like this train booked or would you like another time?
please get me  the reference number.I am  also looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the center and should serve Turkish food|Yes your reference number is 859RV3PT.
cool thanks for your help|For your restaurant recommendation we have meze bar restaurant on 196 Mill Road City Centre. Would that work?
Perfect. I'd like a table for 7 at 18:00 sunday.|I can book that for you now.
If there isn't a table for Sunday Wednesday will work as well.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : FJ0AHWE8. Is there anything else?
what day was it booked for? sunday or wednesday?|It is reserved for Sunday. Is that acceptable? I can change if necessary.
It is exactly the day I wanted.  Thank you very much for your time.  Have a nice day!|You're very welcome! Is there anything else you need help with today?
No that is all! Thank you!|Have a nice day.
I need to find a moderately priced north indian restaurant.|I'm sorry, I didn't have any luck with those requirements.  Can I look for something else?
How about an Italian restaurant, then?|Is there a particular area of town that you would like to dine in?
Any would be fine.|I recommend pizza express Fen Ditton in the centre area, would you like more info or a booking?
That sounds good to me. Can you please book a table for 8 at 12:15 on Saturday?|You are booked for a table for 8 on Saturday at 12:15. Your reference number is 9VEG3PSD. Can I help you with anything else?
I also will need a train.|Where will you be leaving from?
I will depart from Birmingham New Street.|What day are you traveling and what is your destination?
I'll be leaving birmingham new street and going to Cambridge. I need to arrive by 09:30.|What day are you wanting to travel?
the same day as the restaurant booking and should arrive by 09:30.|TR4463 will get you there by 09:23, would you like more info or a booking?
Awesome! You were a huge help. Thanks.|Thank you for using our service today!
I am looking for a restaurant to book a reservation. I want asian oriental in the expensive price range|I have two choices for you. One on the north side of town and one in the city center. Any preferences?
Let's try the one on the north side of town. I'd like to make reservations, if possible.|I can try to make that reservation for you. What day are you looking to eat on, how many are in your party, and what time would you like?
I would like the reservation for 5 people at 18:45 on Friday.|I have made those reservations your reference number is WK0CPIFS
Thanks so much. Can you also help me look for a train?|I sure can.  Which stations will you be using?
I need to get to Cambridge from Peterborough by 13:15 on the the same day as my reservation.|The TR7877 arrives by 13:09. Would you like to book that one?
Yes please. I need 5 tickets.|The Booking was successful, the total fee is 82.5 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : JU3L0EZL. Is there anything else you need?
No, that is all for today. Thank you so much for your help!|I'm happy I could help you. Enjoy your trip. Good bye.
Can you help me find a moderately priced hotel?|There are a total of 18 moderately priced hotels or guesthouses. Do you have a preference as to lodging type? Also, what area are you interested in?
We would like a hotel and free wifi too.|Okay, I was able to find three with that criteria. Can I recommend the Ashley Hotel located on the north side of town?
Does Ashley Hotel have a 0 rating? That's what I'm interested in.|It has 2 stars. There is also cityroomz which has 0 stars.
Could you give me the postcode, address, and number for cityroomz?|Sure.  Cityroomz is located at the Sleeperz Hotel on Station Road, postcode cb12tz.  you can call them at 01223304050.  Can I be of further help to you?
I also need a train for monday.|Certainly! Where will you be traveling?
From Norwich to Cambridge.|Okay great! Do you know when you want to leave or arrive?
I need to arrive by 13:15 please.|Did you have a specific departure time in mind? You could leave Norwich as early as 05:16 or as late as 11:16 on Monday.
I don't have a preference for leaving.  Could you book it for 8 people and provide the reference number.|I booked 8 tickets on the TR9020 train. The reference number is 111OTIYE
Thanks very much for your help. That's all we needed today!|I'm glad to have been of service, goodbye.
I want to find a guesthouse place to stay with a 3 star rating.|There are four to choose from. Do you prefer the north, south, or west?
Any area is fine I just need info for anyplace where a booking is available.|Can I get your booking information so I can check them for availability?
Yes I need it for 3 people for 5 nights starting from Monday.|The Hamilton Lodge has availability. I went ahead and booked that stay for you. I can always cancel if you change your mind. Your reference number is XFD6ZAFT.
Can I cancel the reservation with you?|I cannot cancel the reservation but you can call to do so at 01223365664.
I also need a train. Leaving from Cambridge.|May I ask what day you would be traveling? And where are you wanting to go to?
Can you help me find a college to visit in the centre?|We have christ's college 	in the centre
Perfect, can I get the address?|Christ's College is located on Saint Andrew's Street and their phone number is 01223334900. Do you need additional information?
how much is its entrance fee?|There is no entrance fee it is free.
I need to find a train departing from Cambridge that arrives at 18:00|What are the other requests?
I need to go to leicester from cambridge, and i need to leave on sunday.|There are many trains available. TR5173 leaves at 08:21 and arrives at 10:06. Would you like me to book that for you?
Great can I get TR5173 booked for 3 people please?|OK I booked that for you.  The total fee is 90.72 GBP and your Reference number is : AVE1068H.
Thanks so much. I appreciate the help. Have a nice day.|Okay thank you for calling.
Hi I'm excited to try an international restaurant in the centre, are they are I can go to?|We have two moderately priced options, the varsity restaurant and bloomsbury restaurant, any preferences?
the varsity restaurant sounds good. Could you book a table for 7 people at 14:45 on saturday?|I have you booked, the reference number is 206RQ761, can I help with anything else?
Thanks! I also need a train from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street.|What day would you like to travel? Is there a time you would like to leave or arrive by?
I will be traveling on Sunday.|There are many trains available on Sunday. Any particular time?
I need that leaves after 15:15.|TR0189 leaves at 15:59. Is that alright for you?
that is very ok|How many tickets would you like?
7 tickets please and I'll also need to get a reference number from you, just in case|7 tickets on TR0189 is 92.96 GBP. You can pay that at the station. Your Reference number is : GAH6RYK1. Can I assist you with anything else?
No. I think you've met all of my needs today. Thank you.|I am glad to help. Enjoy !
I am looking for information in Cambridge|I'd love to help. In the future, these hits require more effort. Want something in the north?
Actually I need a train to Cambridge from Kings lynn on Saturday after 17:00.|The TR1499 leaves at 17:11.
can you book it for 3 and give me the reference number please ?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 23.52 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 7FJ6TZUM.
Thank you. I am also looking for a 4 star hotel located on the west side of town.|There are three 4 star choices in the west part of town.  Two cheap and one expensive choice.   Do you have a preference?
Price doesn't matter but I need it to be a hotel.|Huntingdon marriott hotel would be great for you. Would you like reservations?
Yes, please. I will also need the reference number.|I'd be happy to help you book that, I will need the day you're arriving, how many people and how many nights?
It will be 3 people and 3 nights|What day would you like your reservations to begin?
That same day that the train is.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is NK5JAGZB, is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all I need today. Thank you for all your help!|Great. You are welcome to use this service again should you need it.
I'm looking for a train that leaves from Cambridge on Tuesday.|Where will you be travelling to?
I will be traveling to Leicester and would like to arrive before 21:15.|When could you like to arrive by?
I would like to arrive by 21:15.|I have the TR8207 that will arrive by 21:06. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes but I need that to be booked for 3 people. I would like the reference number please. I also need a place to stay as well.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 113.4 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is ABKFF3SH. What type of place are you looking for?
I would like a 4-star guesthouse in the north in a moderate price range.|Sure thing, I would suggest this one acorn guest house.
Great can you book that for me from Sunday for 2 nights for 4 people.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 7ZJ4CTTG. Will that be all for today?
Yes that was all I needed thank you so much.|You are welcome and have a good trip. Thank you for using  Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I love the centre of Cambridge but I always spend too much, are there cheap places to eat there so I can stay within my budget?|Yes, there are several. Charlie Chan serves Chinese food, there's Mahal of Cambridge for Indian, La Raza has Spanish cuisine, and there are a few others. Would you like more?
restaurant should serve indian food is what I need|There are three cheap Indian restaurants in the centre: Kohinoor, The Gandhi, and Mahal of Cambridge. Would you like to make a reservation at one?
HOw about mahal and can you give their phone number and postcode?|Their phone number is 01223360409 and their postal code is cb21rq.
Great.  I'm also looking for a train.  I need to leave after 16:15 from London Liverpool Street.|Which day would you like to travel by train?
I'll need it to be on Tuesday. I'm going to Cambridge.|TR2855 will leave at 17:39, would that work for you?
make a booking for 1 people. Make sure you get the reference number|I have booked the ticket for you, reference 4O9ZT5ZD.
thank you very much.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all, make it a great day!|Thanks! You have a great day as well!
I need to find a train to take me to stansted airport.  Can you help me?|I have many trains going to Stansted Airport.  What is your preferred departure and arrival time?
the train should leave Cambridge on Tuesday and arrive by 21.30|TR8261 leaves cambridge Tuesday at 9:40 and arrives at stansted airport by 10:08. Would you like to buy a ticket?
Yes I'd like to book for 3 and get the reference number if I could.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 30.29 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is TXK6U7DG.
Hi, I need a place to stay in the north that includes free wifi please.|I found 12 hotels that match your description. Would you like a specific price range?
I would like a guesthouse that has free parking.|I would suggest the acorn guest house, would you like more info on it?
Yes can you tell me the address please?|Acorn guest house is located at 154 chesterton road, shall I book you a room?
Not now, thanks. I do need to find a train to cambridge that leaves after 17:30.|I'd be happy to assist you in finding a train to Cambridge.  May I please get your place of departure and on which day you wish to travel?
Departing from Kings Lynn on Saturday|Can I book you for train TR9408?
Yes, book for 2 people. And I need the reference number too pleases.|No thank you that will be all
What's fun to do on the south side?|Cinema Cinema is the first attraction listed.
What type of attraction is it and how much does it cost?|Cineworld Cinema is a cinema. I can't find information on the price. You may call them directly at 00872208000. Do you need anything else?
Yes, can you call them for me please. I am not from the area and do not want charges on my phone.|Thank you so much for helping me find an attraction. I have the number and I will give them a call. You have a great day.
Find me a train that leaves on Sunday after 14:00 please|Certainly. Where are you headed?
I am leaving norwich going to cambridge on sunday and I need a train that leaves the station any time after 14:00|TR5234 will leave at 14:16, would that work for you?
Yes. Give me the ref number please.|In order to get a ref number I must complete a booking first. How many tickets would you like me to book for you?
I would like one train ticket please.|Your reservation for 1 ticket on the TR5234 train was successful. Your Reference number is : PGQKG62W. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes I am looking for a moderate priced place to eat in the east. Phone #, postcode and food type please|You have three options for moderately priced restaurants. Do you prefer indian or italian food?
I would prefer Italian but Indian would be good as well. I will need the phone number and postcode of the restaurant. Thanks!|The place is called The Curry Prince and the phone number is: 01223566388 and the post code is: cb58jj.
Thanks for helping me with this.  I appreciate it!  Goodbye!|My pleasure.  Have a great day.
Hi, I'm looking for something to do in town. Are there any place like college I can visit in the centre of town?|There are 13 of them.  Downing College on regent's street is free, you might be interested in it.  Do you have any specific needs?
How about the phone number?|Their phone number is 01223334860. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I also need a train leaving after 12:45 from cambridge|Where are you wanting to go to and what day?
I would like to go to Norwich and leave on a Saturday.|There is a train that leaves at 13:36 and arrives at 14:55, can I book you for that?
Yes, please. I need 8 tickets and my reference number please.|I have 8 tickets booked for you and your reference number is 90IJJ88B.
That should be it! Thank you for your assistance!|Thank you for contacting us today, have a nice day.
I am looking for a train. The train should depart from peterborough and should go to cambridge|I can find you a train. What day and time would you like to travel?
I need to arrive by 14:45.|I have trains that meet you criteria for most days of the week, do you have a day or departure time preference?
I want to leave on Wednesday.|TR9545 arrives at 13:38 on Wednesday. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, I would. Could you book that for 6 people, please?|The booking was successful, the total fee is 99 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is LNKDUQPE.
thank you so much for your help|welcome again next time.enjoy the journey
Thank you that is all I need.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye for now.
Please help me find a moderately priced restaurant located in the centre. Thanks.|how about Colto, it serves british food, is in the city centre  and is moderately priced
No thanks, is there any turkish restaurants in the same price range and area?|Yes, there are 2 restaurants that fit that criteria, Anatolia and Efes Restaurant.
give me its address,phone number, and postcode please|Anatolia is at 30 bridge street city centre, 01223362372 and postcode is cb21uj.  efes is at king street city centre.  Phone is 01223500005 and postcode is cb11ln.
Thank you. I also need a train going to London Liverpool Street please|What day were you looking to travel?
I would like to travel on Friday, departing from cambridge and arriving by 18:00.|Okay, the TR9956 leaves at 15:59 and arrives by 17:27. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
yes please and make them three tickets|Booking was successful, the total fee is 49.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : O2OFXV6A. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all I needed today thank you.|enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I'm looking for find more information about an attraction I want to visit.  What can you tell me about Gallery at Twelve a High Street?|That's a museum on the east side, with free admission.
What is their postcode?|Their postcode is cb15dh. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I am coming from peterborough to cambridge, I need to take a train that will allow me to arrive by 08:15|What day will you be traveling on?
monday is fine|well I can put you on the tr6741 you will arrive at 08:09, how many tickets please?
i want to make a booking for 6 people.|Okay great! Your reference number is HAXFBKAP, is that all you needed?
Yes, thank you for all your help. Have a good day!|Do you need help finding a restaurant? Cambridge has all types of cuisines.
thank you for all your help. Have a good day!|You're welcome. Goodbye
Hello, I'm looking for a train from Cambridge to Norwich.|Certainly, there are many trains going that route. Can you specify which day you'd like to travel?
Sorry.  I want to leave on Saturday after 20:30.|There is a train Saturday at 20:36. Does that work for you?
Yes that works great can I book that for 5 people please?|I have confirmed booking for 5 tickets, your reference number is CID6UHHF.  The total fee is 70.4 GBP payable at the station. Can I help with anything else?
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|Great! I'm glad we could help.
Hi, I am looking for attractions in the centre of town. Do you have any recommendations?|There are a lot of attractions to see in the centre, from architecture, colleges, and museums.  What kind of attractions are you looking for?
I'll visit anything. I don't much care the type.|How about Old Schools? It's an architecture attraction that's free.
Ok. What is the address and phone number for old schools?|Old Schools is on Trinity Lane, and their phone number is 01223332320. Can I help with anything else today?
I also need a train to leave after 10:45 from kings lynn|There are a quite a few trains that leave from kings lynn. Did you want to leave on a certain day? Or arrive by a certain time?
The train should leave on monday and should go to cambridge. I don't care about the arrival time.|The TR0684 which leaves at 11:11 would work well for you. Want me to book that?
I would like to book that for 8 people please. Can i get the reference number?|All booked! The reference number is M50TGTUW.
Thank you for the help! Have a nice day.|You have a great day too! Don't forget, when you're in a bind, call the Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I am looking for a place to stay with free wifi and at least a 3 star rating.|Bridge Guesthouse has a three star rating and offers wifi, would you like me to book this place for you?
Can you confirm if the Bridge Guesthouse also has free parking and is in the east?|Bridge Guest House does include free parking but is located in the south. Would you like me to find something in the east instead?
The Bridge guest house would be just fine. Can I get the address, phone and postcode please?|Certainly! The address is 151 hills road phone number is 01223247942 and postcode is cb28rj. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Can you help me find a train arriving at 18:15 going to cambridge?|Sure! Where are you heading in from? And what day?
I am leaving Peterborough going to Cambridge on Monday and I need to get there by 18:15, can you help me with that?|Sure thing, would you like me to book this for you?
I'll need passage for five, but I also need to know what time the last train gets there before 18:15.|which day do you want to travel to narrow down my options
Monday would be best please.|how about TR3021? it leaves at 05:19
That'll do. I'll need 5 tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 82.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : CWLKMZER.  What else can I do for you today?
I need to find some place in the east for multiple sports.  I'd like to get the address, phone number, and postcode please.|It is at colville road, cherry hinton, postcode cb19ej, phone 01223576412.
Okay, thank you.|Is there anything else I can do for you?
no thats all for today|im glad i was of some help
Thanks again, thats all for now.|Okay. Enjoy your visit to cambridge! It's a wonderful place.
I'd like a train to Cambridge on Friday|I can get you a ticket that leaves london kings cross at 05:17 or do you need a later time than that?
Yes, I would need to leave after 08:00 please.|Can I just confirm your departure station please?
Sorry, I will be leaving from Norwich.|I have train TR3292 leaving norwich at 8:16 and arriving in cambridge at 9:35. Would you like to make a reservation for this train?
That sounds good. Can you book it for 7 people?|Yes I will book it for 7 people, and give you the reference number.
Okay, well, let me know when you have that.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 123.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 9F6CEFRF.
Perfect, thank you!  I'm also looking for a restaurant called Kohinoor.  Can you help me with that as well?|74 Mill Road City Centre is its address
What is the post code please?|Kohinoor is in postcode cb12as. Can I help you with anything else?
No. That's all I need for now. Thank you so much.|Your welcome. Please contact us again.
I need to find a place that serves European food to eat at.|I have 11 results for european restaurants, what area would you like to dine in?
In the centre, sorry didn't I mention that?|What price range are you looking for?
I need one in the expensive range.|There are three options: eraina, michehouse cafe, and darry's cookhouse and wine shop. Which would you prefer?
Wine shop sound good. Could I have their address and postcode please?|Their address is 40270 King Street City Centre and the post code is cb11ln.
Thank you so much. Can you help me book a train too?|I certainly can. Which departure and destination did you have in mind?
I'd like to depart Cambridge on Sunday sometime after 9:45.|Where would you be going to?
I'll be heading to Stevenage.|I have the TR8464 train leaving at 11:21 and arriving at 12:10.  Would that be good?
That sounds perfect! Can you book me 6 tickets for that train please?|I have you booked on that train.  Your confirmation numbers is  NLV3A4JF.
I appreciate all your help. Goodbye.|You're welcome. Have a lovely day.
I need a train going to cambridge that leaves after 14:45.|Where are you coming from?
I want a train department from Cambridge and going to Birmingham New Street on Friday at 14:45.|I can put you on the tr8842 it leaves at 15:17 how many tickets please
Two tickets please.|There is an error in that train booking could I book the TR2519 from Cambridge to Birmingham New Street, on Friday, departing at 15:01?
Yes, that would be great. I'd like to book two tickets and I'll need a reference number, please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 150.19 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : LCEXHUAZ.
I'm also looking for a chinese restaurant that is semi expensive. I would like it the same day I arrive.|Sure, there are a number of expensive options.  Did you have a certain part of town in mind?
No specific area for the restaurant.|the good luck chinese food takeaway fits those criteria, can I make a booking for you?
Yes, I would like to book it for 2 people at 10:00 please.  I'll need it for Friday please.  Can I get the reference number please?|Of course.  I reserved the table for you.  Your reference number is D9XHCFDT.
Thank you for your help.|Do you need me to book transport or provide anymore info?
that is all for now, thank you very much.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Can you give me the address to the hospital in Cambridge?|The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge Postcode	:	CB20QQ
I am actually looking for a train on sunday from peterborough.|What is your destination?
Going to Cambridge.|At what time do you want to travel?
I would like to arrive by 11:45. I will need to buy 5 tickets once we find a train.|I have train TR7721 arriving at 7:38 would you like that one?
Yes, five tickets, please. What is the reference number?|Your reference number is CIGYXAW9. Do you need anything else?
I am looking for a train that can take me to bishops stortford leaving on thursday.|What time do you need to leave or arrive?
I need to leave from Cambridge and arrive in Bishops Stortford before 09:15.|There are two early morning trains that will get you there by 9:15, with arrivals at 6:07 or 8:07. Would you like a ticket on one of those?
I will take the later arrival, and I just need 1 ticket. I also will need the reference number.|Booking was successful for TR2617 that arrives by 08:07, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : CA1AHDSD.
Could I also get information about places to go in the Town Centre?|said to skip
Can you tell me about attractions located in the centre of town?|Certainly, I have many architectural venues, also cinemas, colleges and some museums. Any preference for type of attraction?
A cinema works, could you pick one for me and provide the etrance fee, phone number, and confirm the attraction type?|Sure, Vue Cinema the phone number is 08712240240. I don't have the entrance fee information. And I do confirm that it is  a Cinema type attraction.
Thank you for all your help today.|You're very welcome. Have a wonderful day and thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre!
Hi, I'm looking for any information that you have on the Lensfield hotel in Cambridge.|The Lensfield Hotel is an expensive, 3-star hotel in the south of town, with internet and parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. Can you also give me the phone number?|Sure, the phone number is 01223355017. How many days will you be staying, what day do you need to arrive, and how many people will be staying?
I'm staying for 2 days and it's just myself. What train can I take to depart from the stansted airport that leaves at 19:30?|I only have trains that leave at 20:24 and later on a Friday from Stansted airport. Will this time and day work for you?
I'm actually looking for something on Saturday. Are there any trains on Saturday that leave at 19:30?|Unfortunately, no trains leave at that time
Is there another day you would like me to check?|There are only 4 trains that leave on Saturday
I just need to find a train that leaves at 19:30 for 5 people|Unfortunately there are no trains that leave at this time.
What are the other 4 times of departure for Saturday. I'll need bookings for 5 people and a reference number.|Alright, I booked 5 tickets for Saturday train your reference number is 1R61PO9r. You can pay for your tickets at the station. Is there anything else?
Nope that should be it thanks.|Glad to be of service. Have a wonderful day!
Hello, I need some info on Cambridge Museum of Technology|The Cambridge Museum of Technology is on the east side of the city at the Old Pumping Station on Cheddars Lane. Their entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Can I get the postcode for it as well?|Sure.  The postcode is cb58ld. Can I help you with anything else?
I need a train from cambridge and should go to stansted airport.|It looks like there are hourly trains every day. Did you have a day and time in mind?
Yes, Thursday with an arrival by 16:00.|Train TR6456 leave Cambridge at 14:40 and arrives at the airport at 15:08.  Would you like me to book the train?
Yes I would like to book for 3 people, please.|Reference number is : JRAO2H4A. and the price will be 30.29GBP
Thank you so much, that's really helpful. That's all for now.|Have a great trip
Thank you so much, goodbye.|Have a good day and thank you for contacting us.
I'm looking for a cool place to go in town later.|What type of attraction are you looking for?
I think visiting a College sounds interesting.|What about christ's college?
ok, what area of town is that?|It is located in centre.  Is there anything else you need to know?
Yes, I need a phone number and postcode.|their phone number is 01223334900and code.cb23bu, is that all?
I am looking for a train leaving from Leicester.|You have 133 options to choose from. Where will you be heading?
I need to be in Cambridge by 13:00|What day do you want to travel?
I'm looking to travel on friday.|TR8659 leaves at 10:09 and arrives at 11:54, will that work for you?
Yes. Thank you. Please book it for 7 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 264.59 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 6Q8I2TIT.
Thanks so much. I also was hoping you might be able to see if there are any parks in the south?|Absolutely! We have 2 parks in the south. I recommend wandlebury country park. It has free admission.
Can I have the postcode and phone number for that park?|01223243830. Postcode, cb223ae. Anything else?
No that will be ll. Thank you.|Thank you for using our service!
Have a good day.  Bye.|Have a great time, bye now!
I need a train to cambridge on saturday|Okay, where are you leaving from?
I need to leave London Liverpool Street sometime after 17:45.|I have three options for you, is there a particular time you would like to arrive by?
No. I need to book this for 5 people. Please send me the reference number too.|I have you booked on TR3940 Saturday leaving at 19:39 and arriving at 21:07.  The reference number is X56OZZGL and it will be 13.28 GBP at the station.
Great.  I also need a cheap 4-star hotel.|Do you have an area preference? Otherwise, I recommend leverton house on newmarket road.
Is it a guesthouse?|It is a guesthouse in the east. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
No thanks. No need to make a reservation but can I get the postcode please?|The postcode for Leverton House is cb58rs.  Is there anything more I can help with today?
No I think that's all I needed, thanks!|It was a pleasure serving you today. I hope you enjoy your stay!
I'm looking for a train that arrives by 15:15 on saturday.|Where would you like to depart from and where do you want to arrive at?
I need it to depart from Broxbourne and arrive in Cambridge.|The TR7846 leaves at 09:32 and arrives at 10:32.  Would that work?
Can I get one closer to my arrival time?|Train TR0279 arrives at 14:32 which is the closest one.
That's perfect. Please book it for 4 tickets.|I was able to book you, your reference number is CEP20AFO., total cost 57.28 payable at the station.. Any other questions?
Yes please. I've heard that Emmanuel College is an interesting place. What can you tell me about it?|It is a college in the centre of town located at saint andrew's street, poscode cb23ap and their phone number is 01223334200.
Great!  I appreciate all the info.  Goodbye!|Good night, enjoy the rest of your evening.
I want to book a train. List all tuesday departures to cambridge.|There are over 200 departures to cambridge on Tuesday, do you have a specific departure place or time?
My departure point is Kings Lynn and I need to arrive at Cambridge by 13:45|TR2616 departs at 09:11 would that work? How many tickets would you like to purchase?
Yes please book that for one person and give me the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 9.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : TT953CJR.  Can I help you with anything else today?
I am also looking for a place to stay.|What are would you like to stay in?
meh doesn't really matter. just moderately priced...|I also have many pricing options and amenity options. Could you give me some direction?
Hello, I'm looking for places to go in the city centre.|There are 44 possible options. What type of attraction are you interested in?
I don't mind what kind.|How about the Vue Cinema located at the grafton centre, east road?
Sure, what is the entrance fee? Also I need a train that departs from Stevenage on Thursday.|I can book a 05:54 for you.
I need the train to leave after 15:45 please. Also do you have the entrance fee for the Vue Cinema?|Sorry, but I do not have the entrance fee for Vue Cinema in my database. I do have a train from stevanage at 15:54 for you, though.
Great can you make that reservation on the train for 7 people and send me the reference number?  Can you also send me the phone number for the Cinema?|The train is booked reference number 3YY4QV9P, and the phone number of the Vue Cinema is 08712240240
Thank you for your help.|You're very welcome, is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you for your help.|Have a great day then!
I want to board a train on Thursday. Can you help me with that?|Yes of course! Where are you traveling to?
I am travelling to Cambridge and it should depart from London Kings Cross.|I have ten trains doing that trip on Thursday. Any specific times?
I need to arrive by 09:00 if that is possible.|Yes it's possible. We have 2 trains departing at 05:17 and at 7:17. Which one would you prefer?
Please make a booking for 6 people on the 7:17 train.|I have booked your seats here is the information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 141.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : PY3UDDOV.
I am also looking for a guesthouse.|There are 24 guesthouses in the city to choose from. Do you have an idea of what part of town you'd like to stay in or what your price range is?
I definitely need free parking also, please.|There are 21 guesthouses fitting your requirements in all areas. The guesthouses are in both the cheap and moderate price ranges.
I want it to be 4 stars and moderately priced|I have the Acorn Guest House that meets your criteria. Would you like me to book it?
No, not right now but do you have their address handy?|Sure, they are located at 154 chesterton road, postcode cb41da.  Do you need any further assistance today?
No thank you. I appreciate all you have done to help me.|Your welcome. If you change your mind and want reservations, feel free to contact us again.
Of course I will.  Thank you also.|You are welcome enjoy.
I need to find a train going to londons kings cross that would arrive by 17:15|I have 21 trains that match your request. Where will you be departing from?
Leaving Cambridge this coming Sunday.|I'm sorry, we don't have any trains arriving by 17:15. The earliest train will arrive at london kings cross at 19:51. Do you need anything else?
No thanks.  Go ahead and book the train for 4 people and please provide the reference number.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 75.52 GBP payable at the station . Your reference number is : UMS71SR7.  Your train will leave at 19:00.
Thank you. I also need to find a place to stay.|Any particular area you would like to stay?
In the East part of town, please. I need free WiFi.|Okay! Would you like to stay in a hotel, or in a guesthouse?
i dont mind either.|We have seven places, any preference on price or rating?
I need a 4 star place that has free wifi.|Okay! What price range would you like?
I don't really have a preference.|Ok. We've narrowed to 6 options. Do you want parking?
No parking is not a concern of mine.|Would you like to try allenbell?
Yes, please book me for 4 people, for 5 night starting on Tuesday.|I have made those reservations and the reference number is  I4K0OYPF.
Thank you that is all I needed.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I am looking for a train to cambridge. I would like something on sunday to arrive by 18:30|What is your departure point?
My departure will be from Cambridge.|And what is your destination city?
I need to go to Peterborough.|What time do you need to leave by?
I just want to get there at or shortly before 18:30.|I found the perfect train!  TR7771 will get you there at 18:24.  Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes, please book me for 6 people.  My birdwatching club is taking a trip together.|Ok, your booking is complete for 6 people. The cost is 79.19 GBP, payable at the station. The reference number is 8W0OSFM6.
i place want a place to go in the centre|What are you into? Do you like theatre? Museums? We have plenty of attractions in the centre and if you tell me what you enjoy I can recommend one
I would like a museum in the centre please.|I'd like to recommend whipple museum of the history of science, at free school lane. Admission is free.
Is that the full address for the museum? Free School Lane?|Yes it is their full address and the postcode is cb23rh and their telephone number is 01223330906. May I help you with anything else today?
Thank you. That is all that I need.|Okay. Glad I could be of help.
Yeah, could you find me a train? I'm in Cambridge, and I'd like to go over to Birmingham New Street.|There are 133 trains making that trip, do you have a day and time you would like to go?
Yes, I'd like to leave after 21:00 on Wednesday.|I have a train that departs at 21:01 and two more each a hour later than the first. Which train would you like to book?
I will take the 21:01. the ticket is just for me and I would like a reference number after the booking is completed.|I have successfully booked you for the TR7935 train leaving at 21:01. Your reference number is E9ZIOMAN.
Great, thank you! I'd like to find a place to stay, too. I'm thinking of something in the moderate range with free parking. Any ideas?|I have 12 guesthouse and 2 hotels in that range. Is there a certain area of town you would like to stay in?
No preference on area, but can you see if there are any that have 4 stars?|I have 3 in the north, 1 in the south, and 1 in the east.
I'll take whichever one doesn't include Internet.|It looks like all 9 choices do include Internet. Would you be willing to use one of those?
Would you like to book one of those today?|I could certainly help you book one if you don't mind that it has internet. Would you like to try the Acorn Guest House?
Okay, let's try that one.|What day would you like to book the hotel for?
Does it have four stars?|Yes, it has 4 stars and includes free parking.
That sounds perfect. Can I have the postcode and phone number please?|Sure, the postcode is cb41da and the phone number is 01223353888.  Can I help with anything else today?
No that sounds perfect. Thank you for all your help.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I am  traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.|I can help!  What kind of food are you looking for?
Still deciding, can I set up a train ride first?  If would be from londons kings cross to cambridge, on saturday leaving after 11:00AM.|The TR7309 leaves after 11:00. If you'd like to make a booking, I'll need to know how many tickets you'd like.
I need 4 tickets. How much will that be?|The tickets are each 18.88 so 75.52 in total
Ok. Can you complete the booking for 4 people and then give me the reference number?|I was able to book you. Your reference number is H9AGMLJM.
Yes, I would like to find a place to eat. Please find me a moderately priced restaurant in the centre.|there are quite a few moderately priced restaurants in the city centre. do you have a preference on cuisine?
Nothing specific, anything in the centre is fine.|May I recommend the very popular Efes restaurant serving turkish food in the centre of town in the moderate price range.
That sounds like a great place to eat. Can I get their phone number?|The phone number is 01223500005 .  Would you like me to call and make a booking for you?
No, thank you. That will be all.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all for today. Thank you!|you are very welcome. have a great day.
And you as well, You've been a great help!|Let us know if you need anything else.
I need to find a train out of King's Lynn that will arrive by 17:45.|Can you please provide me with destination of the train so I can better assist you?
Cambridge, and it will be on sunday.|I have train TR6003 leaving cambridge at 5:11 and arriving at 5:58 on sunday.
That sounds great. Can you book me 4 tickets on that train please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 31.36 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 8K88DU7K.
Awesome! I also need help finding a place to stay in the South. Not driving so don't need parking.|I have 4 options available.  Do you have a preference of guesthouse or hotel and price range?
I would like a hotel and my only preference, besides being in the south, is I would like it to have a 3 star rating please.|The Lensfield Hotel meets your criteria. Would you like me to book it?
Yes I'll need it for Sunday for 2 nights and 4 people.|You are booked for 2 night for 4 people starting Sunday at the Lensfield Hotel. Your reference # is ICM07YWC. Can I help you with anything else today?
That takes care of everything for me, thank you! Bye!|You are very welcome! Have a wonderful day, goodbye!
I'm looking to get on a train on Saturday.|From where to where?
I'm leaving from London Liverpool Street and I need to arrive in Cambridge by 09:30.|the TR2503 will get you to your destination at 9:07.
Perfect. Can you book that for me for 3 people?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.83 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is YSVSLY1L. Is there anything else you need today?
I also need a hotel in the East.|Do you need parking at the hotel?
i am looking for a place to stay, a hotel maybe, that has free wifi and should be a 4-star|We have several that might suit you. The Cambridge Belfry is quite economically priced in the west, and there are also The Huntingdon Marriott and the University Arms.
I'm looking for a cheap one, which hotels fit into that price range?|The cambridge belfry is in the west and cheap. Would you like to me to book that for you?
What type of hotel is it and what is the postcode?|It is a regular hotel and the postcode is cb236bw. Would this one interest you?
Maybe, I'll decide once I get there. Speaking of which, can you help me with a train to Cambridge?|Sure I can help with that, what time would you like the tickets for and how many?
I'd like to leave after 10:30 and depart from birmingham new street on Tuesday.|Train TR0734 leaves at 12:40.  Can I book you a seat on it?
Yes, actually I'd like to book 7 seats on it.|Good news! Booking was successful, the total fee is 525.69 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : N680OYGM. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I believe that will do it. Thanks for your help!|You're so welcome. Goodbye!
Is there a train that leaves to london liverpool street on friday? Thankyou.|There are several, do you have a specific time you'd like to leave or arrive?
Can you help me find a train to london liverpool street?|Train TR5154 leaves Friday to London Liverpool Street at 5:59 and arrives by 7:27. Would you like me to book this for you?
That works. I just need one ticket.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is: 0XOVBBAJ. Will there be anything else today?
Yes I need to find a guesthouse that has a 4 star rating, I hate dirty hotels, don't you?|What area would you like to be in?
I am interested in staying in the south.|I found 2 guesthouses in the South both have a 4 star rating. There are two price ranges cheap and moderate, which do you prefer?
I have no preference. I need to book a room for 2 nights starting wednesday.|I suggest rosa's b ed and breakfast. Would you like to book that?
Yes, please and let me know if the booking is successful.|How many people will be staying?
Just 1 will be staying there. I do need the reference number.|Your reference number is VFXJ5FEM.
Ok thank you that is all I needed.|Okay. Thank you for calling.
I am looking for a museum in Cambridge please|Do you have an area of the city you more prefer?
No, I do not, any museum would be fine. Could you please give me the entrance fee, area, and postcode for any one of the museums?|Cambridge Artworks in the east is a fun place. It's located at 5 greens road, cb13ef. Best of all, it has free entrance! Any other information I can find for you?
I'm also looking for a train to Cambridge. But I tend to sleep in, so I won't be able to get going before 11:45.|What day do you want to travel, and  where was that departure site again?
I'd like to leave Stansted Airport on Tuesday.|You have a few options going to Cambridge from Stansted airport after 11:45. How about Tuesday, leaving at 12:24?
That would be great, could you book it for 8 people please.|I've booked 8 tickets for you. The total fee is 80.8 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is CYMNCQNX. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all I need goodbye|Thank you, and good-bye!
I'm looking for a train that leaves from Cambridge on Tuesday.|Where will you be travelling to?
I will be traveling to Leicester and would like to arrive before 21:15.|When could you like to arrive by?
I would like to arrive by 21:15.|I have the TR8207 that will arrive by 21:06. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes but I need that to be booked for 3 people. I would like the reference number please. I also need a place to stay as well.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 113.4 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is ABKFF3SH. What type of place are you looking for?
I would like a 4-star guesthouse in the north in a moderate price range.|Sure thing, I would suggest this one acorn guest house.
Great can you book that for me from Sunday for 2 nights for 4 people.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 7ZJ4CTTG. Will that be all for today?
I'm looking for a chinese restaurant.|There are many Chinese restaurants do you have a price range or an area you'd like to eat at?
I would like the expensive price range.|We have 9 expensive Chinese restaurants across town. Do you prefer a specific area of town?
I don't have a preference, just give me the phone number of the one you would recommend.|I like the good luck chinese food takeaway.  The phone is 01223244149.  What else can I do for you?
I need to catch a train to London kings cross. I need to get there by 09:15. Can you find me one?|I will need your departure location and day of travel to complete the request.
OKay, I will be leaving from Ely.|What day would you like to travel?
Oh, I'm sorry, I meant I'm leaving from CAMBRIDGE to london kings cross on Sunday.|I have updated the search, what day will you need that?
Sunday, please. I just said that.|TR7423 leaves at 5:00 and arrives at 5:51. Would that work?
That will be perfect! Could you book me 1 seat please?|Okay, you are booked on that train.  Your reference number is NNZ8E0N7. Can I do anything else for you today?
Thats all for today! Thanks so much!|Your welcome, have a great day!
I need a train on Monday leaving birmingham new street?|Where are you headed?
Birgmingham New Street from Cambridge|What time monday would you like to depart?
anytime after 21:00.|TR8406 will depart at 21:40. Is that okay?
Yes will you book it for me ?|How many tickets will you need?
I need 2 tickets and a reference number please|Sure thing. I will work on getting this booked for you.
okay, I do need the reference number also.|My apologies, busy weekend and the system is lagging, you are set, reference number is B6SGLAAT total cost is 150.19 GBP, thank you for your patience.
Thank you so much, can you please also find me an Italian restaurant in the centre of town that's on the cheap side?|I highly recommend Zizzi Cambridge in centere. It has excellent pasta and meatballs. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes, on Monday for 2 people at 14:30. Olease give the reference number.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : DKSUCWY6.
thank you that will be all good bye|Have a nice day, goodbye.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|Great! What can i help you find?
place to stay a hotel should have a star of 4 in the West and cheap|The Cambridge Belfry is the only place that matches all of your criteria. Would you like to reserve a room?
I'm not sure yet. Does it have free parking?|It does have free parking and wifi.
Ok, let's get rooms for 7 people for 5 nights. I'll need it from Monday please.|Your booking was successful and the reference number is C505YX1I. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I need a train on Tuesday going to Birmingham New Street. Can you find me one?|Absolutely,  What time would you like to leave?  And, I assume you will be leaving from Cambridge?
The train should arrive by 14:15|Ok there is one leaving earlier i will book it for and send you the infomation
Can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the center part of town? Thanks.|What type of food do you have in mind?
I would like some sushi|There is a Japanese restaurant called wagamama at 36 Saint Andrews Street. Is this okay?
Are there any french restaurants that are expensive in the centre area?|There is Cote at Bridge Street City Centre. The phone number is 01223311053. Would you like to make a reservation?
No thank you. What is the postcode?|The postcode for cote is 	cb21uf.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need train tickets.|Ok, I will need a little more information from you. How many tickets, for when and where are you departing from please.
i will be departing from cambridge on wednesday and will need tickets for 4 people.|and what is your destination?
Cambridge and it will be early unless it rains|Are you departing or arriving to Cambridge?  And can you also tell me the other destination.
I'll be leaving cambridge and arriving at bishops stortford on wednesday, I'd like to leave after 12:45.|How about TR3844? It leaves at 13:29 and arrives by 14:07.
Yes, please book me for 4 people, and dont forget the reference number.|You are all set for four on the train. Your reference number is CNKR13ES. Anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you so much.|Thank you so much for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! We hope you have a wonderful trip!
I am looking for a cheap place to stay in the east part of town.|No problem. We have 3 guesthouses that match that. Do you have a further preference?
I would like one that it relatively cheap and located in the east part of town.|Well, there's the Autumn House, would you like to give that a try?
Is that a 4-star place? I would like a 4-star place, even though I need it to be cheap.|Yes, the Autumn House is a cheap, 4 star guesthouse. Free wifi and parking are included. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes, can I get the postcode, and also I am looking for a train that departs from Cambridge and arrives at Kings Lynn as well.|The postcode for the autumn house is cb58rs.  There are 133 trains travelling from Cambridge to kings lynn. Could you be more specific on what day/time you're looking for?
The train should leave Monday after 17:45.|Trains run every hour from 18:11 all the way to 23:11. If you don't have a preference, perhaps I can book you the 18:11 train? It arrives at 18:58.
Yes, go ahead and book 4 tickets for me on that train! Once that is done, can I have the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : Y9FTRIGK. Is there anything else I can help with?
nope that is all thanks|No problem. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Hi there. I have a business trip in Cambridge coming up and I have no idea what the train schedule might be. Would you be able to help with that?|Yes I can. First I need more information on the day and the time please
I will be traveling on Monday and leaving from Bishops Stortford.|Okay, I have 10 trains that meet your criteria. Do you have a departure or arrival time?
it should leave after 09:15|I also need to know where you are travelling to.
I'll be going to cambridge.|TR0757 leaves at 09:29. Would that be of interest? There area also trains every two hours on the :29 until 23:29
I am looking for a nightlclub located in the centre of town, might you suggest one?|I recommend Soul Tree Nightclub. It is located on 1-6 Corn Exchange Street and has a 4 pound entrance fee.
What's the phone number?|The phone number for soul tree is 01223477900
What is the postcode to the Soul Tree Nightclub?  This sounds like a fun place!|cb23qf. What else would you like to know about the nightclub?
What is its entrance fee, phone number and postcode?|The entrance fee is 4 pounds, phone number is 01223477900.
Great, thanks! That's all the help I need for today. Have a good night. Goodbye.|Feel free to call back again for any further questions.  Have a great day.
Are there any trains on Monday?|Yes, there are 404 of them. Where are you heading?
I'm heading to cambridge from peterborough.|What day and time would you like to leave?
I want to arrive at 19:45. I would like a ticket for 1 person.|I have several trains available arriving by that time.  What time would you like to leave?
It doesn't matter what time I leave as long as I arrive by 19:45. After you book me a ticket can you provide me with the reference number please.|I have booked train TR7917 and it leaves at 18:48. The reference number is 78GFL146.
I also need a 3 star guesthouse to stay at. Internet and parking are not important to me.|Well I have several options that are all moderately priced. What area of town would you like to stay in?
ANy area is fine, I'll go with what you recommend.|I found you the hobsons house in the west side of town. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes, please book it and send me the reference number.|when would you like to check in and for how long will you be staying?
I would like to book for 1 person monday for 3 nights.|You are booked on Monday for 3 nights for one person.  Reference number is:  FZKBQY6I.
Wonderful, thank you!|you are welcome. I am glad I could assist.
Thank you that is all the help I need today.|Okay great. I am glad I could assist you today.
Thanks. Goodbye for now.|good day too and thank you
Hi, I am looking for a restaurant called nandos city centre.|sure, i have their information. what would you like to know?
Please do assist to book a table for 3 people for me for Friday dining by 13:45 and also let me have their address and phone number.|Your restaurant booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : IH9ELVHA. Is there something more I can help with?
I also need a train|Okay, where will you be departing from and what is your destination please
I'll be leaving broxbourne and traveling to cambridge on friday. I must arrive by 10:30|Tr5570 will be perfect. Shall I book it?
Yes,  please and can you provide me a reference number?|How many people need train tickets?
I need the train for 3 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 53.7 GBP payable at the station, Reference number is : GZWMON81.  Any further questions today?
Thanks that's all I need for the night.|Thank you very much and have a wonderful evening.
I would like to take a train from Cambridge to Leicester.|Sure. I have a number of trains available. what day and time do you prefer?
This Thursday, and I would like to arrive by 14:00.|TR8080 arrives at 13:06, does that work for you?
Yes, please make a booking for 4 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 151.19 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 3EF4MBB7.
I need a restaurant in centre and in the expensive prince range|We have a wide variety of restaurants in the centre. Is there a particular type of food that you'd like?
I don't have a preference, I just want to book a table for 4 at 11:15 on Thursday, anywhere is fine.|Ok, how about bedouin which serves African food and is in the center of town?
Great. Please go ahead and book it.|Your reference number is A69RQEJA. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Thanks so much. Good bye!|You are very welcome. let us know if you need anything else.
I would like to find a museum to visit while in Cambridge.|The Fitzwilliam museum in the centre may be a good choice, thank you.
Could I have the post code and phone number for that one please?|Sure thing!  The address is Trumpington Street and the phone number is 01223332900. Can I help you with anything more?
I am also looking to book a train. I will be departing on Kings Cross station in London this Friday.|What is your destination and time preference?
I'd like to go cambridge and leave after 15:15.|What time would you like to arrive by?
It doesn't matter when I arrive, but I would like to book for 8 people.|Okay great, your booking was successful and your reference number is : 6KJK9QY1.
That's all I needed, thank you!|Glad we could be of help, have a nice trip!
Can you help me find a nice hotel? I'd like to stay somewhere on the west side of town. A 0 star rating would be great, too.|We don't have anything matching that criteria. Do you have something else in mind?
How about something in or very close to west Cambridge with a 1 star rating and free wifi?|Regretfully, my system isn't showing any 1 star hotels on the west side with free wifi.
Actually, try to see if there is one with a 4-star rating, not 1 star.|Huntington Marriott Hotel is very nice.
Yes, that would be a good choice. Can let me know their phone number, whether they have free parking, and address?|yes they do have freee parking. they are at kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon.phone number is 01480446000
Great thank you.  Can you also help me find a train to london kings cross?|I have several trains that meet your criteria. Where will you be departing from and what day will you be traveling?
I'll leave from cambridge on sunday. And I want to arrive no later than 11:15|I have train TR7423, it arrives at 05:51. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes book 3 tickets for me and then give me a reference number for that booking|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 56.64 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is: OB34HA2U. Can i help you with anything else today?
No thank you. That was it!|thanks and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I would like to find a train leaving from Cambridge on Friday after 14:45.|Where will you be going?
I will be going to Cambridge from Kings Lynn. Should have clarified before.|I have a TR5331 arriving at 15:58, will that work for you?
Yes, please book it for 7 people.|Ok I have train TR5331 booked for you for 7 people. Your reference number is Q2o02XDS.
Great. Can you also help me find a museum to visit in the east?|We have 5 museums in the east. Cambridge artworks, cambridge museum of technology, gallery at twelve a high street, and the saint barnabas press gallery.
I'd like to visit The Saint Barnabas Press Galary. What is the postcode, phone number and entrance fee?|The saint barnabas press gallery is free to enter and is located at the belfast yard, coldham's road, cb13ew.  Anywhere else you'd like me to check?
No, I believe that is everything. Thank you!|You are most welcome.  Enjoy the museum.
Find me train times from cambridge to london liverpool street.|Which day would you be traveling?
Wednesday, please. Any time after 08:00.|I have train TR5874 that leaves at 09:59 and arrives in London Liverpool Street at 11:27. Would that suit your needs?
Yes, I would like a ticket just for myself.|I have booked the seat and here is the information-Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : E770Z8W7.
Thank you. Please also find me a moderately priced hotel on the West side|Yes, Hobson's House matches your request. Would you like me to book a room for you?
check first if it has  free parking and should have a star of 4|It fits that criteria.
Okay, go ahead and book a room. It's just for me.|How many nights would you like?
Please book for 2 nights, for 1 person starting on Monday.|I'm sorry, but the hobsons house is a 3 star guesthouse.
Do you have another hotel that's 4 stars with free parking in the west?|There are no hotels that meet that criteria? Would you like a different area or a different price range?
How about a cheap hotel?|I have the cambridge belfry, which is 4 stars, cheap, and in the west with free internet and parking.
book for i people for 2 nights starting monday|You are booked, as one person, into the cambridge belfry. Your reference number is C74YTD9R. Is there anything else I can help you with?
no that will be all. thanks!|Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
Yes, good bye.|Okay have a great day! Bye for now!
I would like to stay at a guesthouse while I'm in cambridge. It doesn't need to have internet.|I'd recommend alpha-milton guest house in the north. It's a moderately priced three star hotel. Would you like a room?
No thanks - not yet.  Does it have free parking?|Unfortunately it does not have free parking. What price range do you have in mind? I can find you one that does have parking
I don't have any price range in mind, I just want a guesthouse with free parking on the north side|I would then recommend the acorn guest house, a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse located at 154 chesterton road. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, I do need to book a room.|How many people will be joining you, if any?
Actually, I'll book later. Can you help me find a train though?|Where do you want to travel to and from?
Well, I am coming to Cambridge and was hoping to try some local restaurants.  Can you help me with my choices?|Yes, I can help you with that! What type of food would you like to eat and what is your price range?
I need something expensive please preferably in the North.|If you like European food, I'd recommend City Stop Restaurant.
I'll give that a try. Book a table for 6 people for Sunday at 12:30 please.|Thank you.  I have booked you a table for six on Sunday at 12:30 at City Stop Restaurant, and your reference number is CAWRD4D1.
Thank you. I also need a train the same day.|Ok, let's narrow this down a bit.  Where would you like to depart from and where are you going?
I am departing from Peterborough and going to Cambridge.|Did you have an arrival or departure time in mind?
I want ot get in by 8:00, I need to get in in plenty of time for my Sunday booking.|The TR7721 would work for you, do you need a booking?
Yes, I need 6 tickets and the reference number of the booking.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 79.19 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : 8M72FMPK.
Thanks you, that is everything, you helped me a lot.  Thanks a bunch!!|Thanks for contacting us, have a pleasant stay!
Can you please help me find a train? May I ask that it comes at 10:45 and leaves on a monday? Thankyou.|Yes, and what is your destination?
Norwhich, please. From Cambridge.|I'm sorry. The earliest train departs at 11:36 and arrives at 12:55. Would you like to book that train ?
Yes for one person please. i will need the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station, your reference number is I8HVTE6S. Will that be all?
I need a hotel room with i need free parking.|Great, I have many hotels with free parking. Do you have a particular area in mind?
Somewhere in the west please.|Okay and what is your price range?
I don't have a price range in mind.|I have the Cambridge Belfry which is cheap right on up to the Huntington Marriott Hotel which is expensive.  There is also another cheap and moderate choice if neither of those work.
Could you get me the postcode for the Cambridge Belfry?|I can. The postcode is cb236bw. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
that is all i needed for today thanks|You're welcome, have a great day
I'm exhausted. Can you find me a guesthouse somewhere on the east side of town?|Sure. There are both moderate and cheap priced guesthouses in this area. Which would you prefer?
It doesn't matter, and I don't need internet access.|If you have no particular requirements, you might like the Autumn House, which is an inexpensive 4 star guest house on the East side.
Does it include free internet?|Yes it does.
I want to book it for one person, four nights starting on Sunday.|You can rest now, your reference number is BQ8VSRRZ. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I can't rest yet.  I still need a train.  I am traveling from Cambridge to London liverpool street.  Can you help me out?|Absolutely.  First, I need a few more details.  What day will you be traveling?
I'd need to leave on thursday and arrive by 14:30.|There are 5 trains that meet those requirements.  TR5504 would have you arrive by 13:27.  Can I help you buy a ticket?
Yes please for one. I will also need a reference number.|Booking was successful. Reference number: 9COW8ZI5. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all, thank you.|Fantastic! Have a good day.
Hi there. I was wondering if you could provide some information on the Bridge Guest House hotel.|It is a guesthouse located in the south part of town in the moderate price range and has a 3 star rating.
Sounds good. Could you book me a room for 5 nights, starting Sunday? There will be six of us.|I'm afraid it's not available for that period.  You would like to try a different day? Or a shorter time period?
Is it available on Monday?|I'm sorry, Monday is not available either. Would you like to try a shorter stay, perhaps?
Would 3 nights starting Sunday work?|Yes, that stay is available. I have successfully reserved it for you with a reference number of 34Z6Y56Y.
Thank You. I also need a train from Cambridge on Wednesday.|Sure, I need further information to narrow the results though.
I need to arrive in Stevenage by 09:45 on wednesday|The TR8974 arrives closest to that time, at 08:10. Your other choice arrives 2 hours earlier.
I would like the one that arrives at 8:10. Could you book it for 6 people?|You're all set! The reference number is BGNTQZRJ, and you can pay the total fee of 76.8 GBP at the station. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Nothing else. Thank you for your help|You are very much welcome. Thank you for using our service and have a good day!
I am looking for a place to dine|There are many different options in town! Do you have a particular type of food and price range in mind?
Expensive is what I am looking for. I don't have a preference for the exact type of food.|There is Saigon City which is asian oriental located in chesterton
That sounds great.  Can I get their phone number?|Sure, it is 01223356555.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
looking for a train, The train should arrive by 15:45 and should leave on saturday. The train should go to cambridge and should depart from ely|TR4698 leaves Ely at 13:35 and arrives in Cambridge at 13:52.  Will this work for you?
Yes please book it foe me thank you|I have booked the train TR4698 for you successfully. Your reference number is 7MHIH3MB. The price is 3.52 GBP payable at station. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's all! Thank you very much!|You are welcome! Have a nice day!
I need to find a train that leaves on Wednesday and arrives at its destination by 12:30. Can you help?|There is a train leaving from London Kings Cross at 11:00 and arrives by 11:51.
Thank you very much.|You're welcome.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I want to book that train for 6 people.|I can go ahead and book those for you.
Great, can I get the reference number for the train? Also I would like to find a moderate price Cantonese restaurant.|Ok I will book that for you and get you a confirmation number
Great Please provide the reference number and then let me know about the restaurant.|I apologize the trains available arrive in Cambridge at 12:08. Would you like me to book this?
No. I need a train that arrives by 12:30 and departs from Stevenage, not London Kings Cross.|The closest one is TR4626, which arrives in cambridge by 10:43. Want me to book it?
Sure. Once again, it'll be for 6 people. And PLEASE remember the confirmation number this time!|Okay, booked as requested. The reference is 3ZQAT0V1.
Thanks that's all for me today|Have a wonderful time.
I want a train going to cambridge.|You're in luck, I have quite a few trains coming into Cambridge! Where will you be departing from?
Stansted Airport, please.|OK, and what day and time are you traveling?
I need to leave on sunday and I need to arrive by 12:15.|TR9445 departs at 11:24 and arrives by 11:52. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, please. I need a booking for 7 people.|Okay, the booking was successful and the total fee is 56.56 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is D2K69PNC.
Thanks so much for the train booking. I also need lodging with free wifi. I don't need free parking, though.|I have a few places available, in which area would you like to stay?
Do have anything expensive? I don't care what area.|Would you like a hotel or a guesthouse?
Either one is fine. If you can recommend for me, that would be great. Oh and if there's one you like that's moderately priced, that would be fine too.|I have three, is there a star range you prefer?
Oh, I don't really care about that. Which place would you recommend?|I would suggest Avalon.
Great!  Can I get the phone number?|Their phone number is 01223353071. Would you like me to reserve a room for you?
No that won't be necessary. I'd just like the postcode and address please.|They are at 62 gilbert road postal cb43pd, may I assist with anything else?
That's all for me. Thanks for your help. Bye!|Have a nice day!
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at. Can you help me with that?|Sure what area do you have in mind?
I'd like it to be in the east. A guesthouse would be great with a 4 star. Also, I don't care about internet.|We have 6 different guesthouse that fit your current criteria. Do you prefer a specific price range?
Price range doesn't matter, can you find one with free wifi?|I have six 4 star guesthouses with free wifi in the east area of town. Do you have a price range?
Nope. Any of them will be fine. I'll just need to know the address, price range, and postcode, please?|The A and B guesthouse meets your criteria and is located at 124 Tenison Lane, postcode cb12dp.  The price range is moderate.
Thanks. I'm also looking for a train to stevenage for tuesday.|Will you be departing from cambridge?
I will be leaving from Cambridge.|What time of day would you like to travel?
The train should leave at 10:45.|The TR6009 will fit our needs. Would you like for me to book this train?
Yes, please. I need tickets for 7 people.|I've book 7 tickets on Train TR6009 departing Cambridge at 13:21. Your total fare is 89.6 GBP, payable at the station. Your reference number is 2SCUVBST.
Great, thank you very much!|Is there anything else I can help with?
No that's it. Thanks for everything! Bye!|Your very welcome. Have a great day.
Hello, I am looking for info on a restaurant in the west that serves french food.|There are no French restaurants in the west. Would you like to try a different part of town or a different type of food?
There are no expensive french restaurants in the west?|Yes, that's right.
What about an expensive place that serves British food?|I have two that meets that criteria. I would like to recommend the graffiti it is in the west side and serves british food.
Let's try the graffiti. I need their phone number, address, and the post code please.|The phone number is 01223277977.  The address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon road postcode cb30lx.
Thanks. I also need a train ticket. The train needs to arrive by 13:15 and go to cambridge please.|Where will you be departing from?
I am departing from Ely.|What day would you like to travel and do you have a specific departure time in mind?
The train should leave on friday and departure time doesn't matter as long as it arrives by 13:15.|consider it done,
Di you find me a train?|I TR0212 the total fee is 4.4 GBP payable at the station and the reference number is : RWIT4QLJ.
I will be traveling to cambridge and need lodging.|Alright. Do you have a price range?
I am looking for a guesthouse with free parking located in the north that is in the moderate price range.|Is there a star range you prefer?
no, just need if for three people. Three nights, starting Wednesday.|Okay, your hotel was booked and your reference number is PCRN539L. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm looking for a train leaving from bishops stortford.|Can you tell me what day you will be traveling?
I need the train on Wednesday as well and I need it to leave after 16:45 please.|There are 4 trains what time would you like to arrive by?
I don't care what time I arrive as long as I'm leaving after 16:45.|okay traid tr2106 leaves at 17:29 and arrives at 18:07. Would you like me to book it?
Yes book it and please provide the reference number.|Okay, no problem. Will you be needing tickets for three people for the train as well?
Yes, please book them for me.|I have you booked for 3 seats on TR2106 leaving Bishops Stortford for Cambridge on Wednesday at 19:29.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, could you please provide me with the reference number so I have it when I arrive at the station?|Your reference number is: YQDWLHDW. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thank you.  That is all I needed.  Good bye.|You're welcome, have a nice day.
I'm wanting to find a museum to go to located in the centre. Can you help?|There are a few. Does Primavera sound like what you're looking for?
That sounds great!  Can I get the address for it?|Sure thing, the address is 10 king s parade.
I also need to find a train for Friday. Can you help?|Ok, I am getting the systems up, where will you be going to and arriving from?
I need a train leaving on friday and I want to get there by 21:30. Leaving broxbourne and going to cambridge|Okay. would you like me to book you a seat?
Yes, for eight people, please. And may I please get the reference number for that booking.|I was able to book TR5056, the reference number is G2VTHEIO.
Oh. I'm sorry, I need that booking for 6 people.  Can you change that and give me the new referrence number?|Sure your new reservation number for 6 people is  EAO8WB62.
Thank you good bye|I'm glad I could help.
i am looking for a train that leaves for bishops stortford on Wednesday|I'd love to help! What is your destination?
The train should depart from cambridge and should arrive by 13:30|TR8224 arrives in Bishops Stortford by 12:07.  Can I book a seat for you?
yes, please. For one|You are booked. The fee is 10.1 GBP. Your reference number is 73Z0FEHF. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I also need to find a place to stay in the north.|There are many options for a place to stay in the north? Do you have a price range or any specific needs?
Yes, I would like free wifi and the hotel should have a star of 4.|There is an acorn guest house would you like me to book it.
Yes I would like to book that for the same day for 4 nights please starting from saturday.|I'm sorry, are you wanting to book the room for Wednesday or Saturday? You're train is booked for Wednesday.
I'd like to stay four nights starting from Saturday, please, for just me.|Your stay at the Acorn Guest House has been booked. Your reference number is 3SXCM6MR. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. Thanks but that is all I need. Take care. Bye.|It was a pleasure. Take care. Goodbye.
Yes I am looking for a train leaving Cambridge on a Thursday.|TR8272 leaves at 05.00
I'm heading to Broxbourne, and I'd like to leave after 13:45.|Your best bet is probably the TR9033. It leaves cambridge at 14:01. Would you like a ticket?
Actually, I gave you the wrong day. I'd like to travel on Wednesday, from Cambridge to Broxbourne, and I'd like to leave anytime after 12:45.|No problem.  I found 11 trains matching your request.  What time would you like to arrive?
No I would just like the earliest train that leaves after 12:45.|TR6167 leaves Cambridge at 13:01.  Can I book a seat for you?
I'll need it booked for 8 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 143.19 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : W8FEGXWO. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I'm also looking for entertainment places to go in town in the south area.  Can you help me with that?|I can definitely help with that. I have two different entertainment venues in the south. One is Nusha and the other is Tenpin. Does either sound interesting?
Can you give me the postcode and phone number for Nusha?|Certainly. The number is 01223902158, and the postcode is cb17dy.
Thanks, that's all I need today. I'm all set!|Thank you, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
Hello, I'm looking for information about restaurants in Cambridge. They should be located in the Centre and ser Gastropub food.|Would you like an expensive place? Or moderate?
Just a gastropub located in the center for 8 people at 12:00 on wednesday please|Sorry, none of the restaurants are available for that time and date. Perhaps pick another time?
How about at 11:00 instead?|Good news! I  was able to book a table for you at Backstreet Bistro on Wednesday at 11:00 for 8 people. Your reference number is 75F4S49D.
Excellent. I'm also looking to book a train too.|I can do that for you, where do you need to go?
I'll be coming to Cambridge from Broxbourne, on the same day as the restaurant booking please.|I have 5 options that will have you arrive before your restaurant reservation.  The train leaves every hour beginning at 5:32.  Would you like me to book a ticket?
Yes, please book 8 tickets on the last train to arrive before 8:30.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 143.19 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : EJJGOJ29.
Okay thank you.  That is all I needed.|Have a great dinner and a lovely train ride!
Hi, I'm looking for a train that leaves after 12:00 and departs from Cambridge.|I will also need your arrival destination and day of travel please to complete this request.
I would like to go to Leichester on Tuesday.|On what day will you be travelling?
I will be leaving on Tuesday.|I have 12 trains that match your criteria.  They leave every hour starting at 12:21.  Do you have a preference of time?
That first one sounds good, the one that leaves at 12:21. Can you book that train for 2 people please.|Your total is 75.59 GBP, which you can pay at the train station. Your Reference number is : ATZTDM9Q.
I'm also looking for some entertainment around the center of town, do you have any suggestions|Sure, I can help you with that?  Was there a type of attraction you were looking for?
I was actually looking for an entertainment venue.|I have nothing in the venue right now. Do you have other preferences ?
How about a theatre?|we got 4. can i recommend one?
Yes, please. I need the theatre's entrance fee, address and postcode.|I recommend the adc theatr, postcode 	cb58as, address park street.  No entrance fee.
Ok that sounds perfect, thank you.|You are welcome.  Anything else I can help you with?
That is everything thank you.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I am hoping you might be able to help me find a place to stay last minute. I am on a bit of a budget so I need something moderate.|I have three hotels available. The Ashley Hotel, Cityroomz, and Lovell Lodge. Do you need parking ?
I need one in the centre and has free wifi.|Then Cityroomz is just for you! It is located at sleeperz hotel, station road. Do you need more information or do you want to book a room?
That is all that I need. Thank you so much.|You're very welcome!  Have a great day!
I'm looking for information on train times, can you help?|Yes, I can help you with trains.  Where are you departing from?
I'll be leaving Stansted Airport to Cambridge after 16:15 on Wednesday.|TR1342 leaves at 16:42 would that work for you?
Yes. Can you book a single ticket for me?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : 8MKSM72E. have you anything else i can help?
Yes, I need a place to have dinner. I'm thinking italian and expensive.|There are 5 locations. Did you have a preferred area of town?
The restaurant should be in the centre|i recommend caffe uno. can i book for you?
Yes. Book for 1 at 20:15.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : LTN9KTVQ. Anything else I can help you with?
That'll be all, thank you!|You're welcome, have a great day!
I would like to see a college in the centre area of town.|I have 13 colleges. I like the emmanuel college but is there another one you had in mind?
Emmanuel college is fine.  What's the address?|Emmanuel college is on saint andrew's street. It is free admission. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes please, can you help me with train schedules too? I need to travel on Sunday.|Of course!  So that I can better help you, can you give me the departure and destination cities you are considering?
I am leaving from Cambridge and going to Birmingham New Street. I would also like to leave after 21:00.|I have TR1012, leaving at 21:01 and arriving at 23:44. Will that work for you?
It sure will if you can book 8 tickets for me.|Your booking was successful and your fee is 480.64 GBP. Can I help you with anything else today?
Can I get the reference number for the train please?|Of course! Your reference number is J4Y78RXR. May I help with anything else?
Nope. Thank you for your help!|Okay, have a great day!
Need to know the train schedule from leicester to cambridge|There is a train leaving at 5:09 on Friday and arriving at 6:54.
How about on Monday? Any train leaving after 19:00?|I would recommend TR6223 which leaves Leicester at 19:09 and arrives in Cambridge by 20:54.
Please book that one for 7 people.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is X16ZO0Y8.
I also need a place to stay in the east area.|I have 7 places to stay in the east. Did you have a certain price range or other preferences?
I would like a 4 star hotel in the moderate price range that includes free parking.|I have the warkworth house located at warkworth terrace. Would you like reservations?
Yes please for 7 people and 2 nights starting on Friday.|Done! Your reference number is 02RUTRTJ. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo. Goodbye!
Any good places to eat in centre?|Were you interested in any particular type of food such as British or Chinese?
We wouldn't mind trying something new.  We'd like to treat ourselves to something in the expensive range.  What do you recommend?|I would recommend Kymmoy hands down.  Great little Asian Oriental place.  Can I reserve a table for you?
What's the address there?|52 Mill Road City Centre. Is there anything else?
no thaank you that is all i need today|I'm glad we could be of service today. Enjoy your meal!
I'm looking for attractions that are in the centre, could you help me find some?|There are 44 attractions located in the Centre area.  Are you interested in any particular type of attraction to narrow down your choices?
Anything that you recommend I need the postcode and entrance fee.|The broughton house gallery located at postcode cb11ln has free entrance.
Sounds great. Thank you for the recommrndation postcode, and I am happy about the free entrance.|You're welcome, can I do anything else for you?
No, but a thank you for helping me.|You are welcome.  Have a good day!
Oh I need a train  to cambridge on Wednesday|I can help with that. Where did you want to leave from?
I want to leave from Stansted Airport.|Is there a certain time you would like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to get to the airport by 10:45.|Just to verify, you would like to leave Stansted Airport by 10:45 and head to Cambridge? Is that correct?
I would like to arrive at the airport by 10:45.|Train TR1691 leaves stansted airport at 11:24 and arrives in cambridge at 11:52. Would that work for you? I'd be happy to book tickets for your group.
That would be great. I just need 1 ticket and my reference number please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is PPDCGT1H. Anything else?
No that will be everything, thank you. Goodnight!|You are welcome. Have a great night. Goodbye.
I am looking for a college in the West in town.|I have 5 colleges in the West area. Queens' College,Magdalene College, Clare Hall, Clare College, and Churchill College, is there any other information that you need?
Can I have the address and postcode for Magdelene College?|Yes of course. The address is magdalene street and the phone number is 01223332138. Is there anything else I can help you with?
what's the postcode?|The postcode is cb30ag. Can I help you with anything else today?
No that will be all thank you so much.|Thank you! Goodbye.
We want to try a local restaurant that serves Asian or oriental food.|I have 5 restaurants that match so far.  Do you have a location preference of centre or north?
I would like a restairant in the centre please.|What price range would you like ?
I do not care. You tell me the best one and give me their number please.|I recommend Kymmoy. Their phone number is 01223311911. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train that is leaving on monday and should depart from leicester.|What time are you looking to leave by?
I want to travel into Cambridge and leave sometime after 16:45 please.|Train TR2078 leaves Leiester at 17:09 and arrives at 18:54 into Cambridge. Would that work for you?
Yes, could I get 3 tickets for that?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 113.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : WMWAXBFD.  What else can I help you with today?
Nothing, thank you. I appreciate all of your help. Goodbye.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a museum in the west area of town.|There is a museum called Kettle's Yard in the west. Would you like to go here?
Yes please, what is their entrance fee?|Kettle's yard has a no entrance fee.
Oh great thank you for your help. Where is the train from cambridge to norwich depart from and when?|There is a train leaving on Friday at 5:36. Would you like that one?
I'm actually looking for one on Thursday that will arrive by 10:30. Are there any trains available for that?|Yes! The price is 17.60 pounds. How many tickets would you like to book?
I would like to book 6 tickets, please. And may I have the reference number once the booking is complete?|Yes great! I have your reference number. It is HI5JHIXZ and the total cost of your tickets was 105.6 GBP. Please do enjoy your trip. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I think that's all I need. Thank you for your help!|Sure thing, enjoy your trip!
I am looking for information in Cambridge|What information are you looking for?
I need some places to go. Maybe some place in the centre are of the town. Multiple sports type?|Unfortunately there are no multiple sport type attractions in the centre of town? Would you like info on another attraction or in another area?
Can we try to find a theatre? I'll need the phone number, please?|I recommend the Mumford Theatre. They are located at Anglia Ruskin Enterprise, East Road. Their phone number is 08451962320.
Thank you. I also need information on a train to Leicester on Thursday.|I have several options, what is your timeframe like?
I need to arrive by 20:00 please.|and from where will you be departing?
I will be leaving from Cambridge.|The TR3564 will get you there by 19:06. Would you like for me to book it?
Yes, please. I need 6 tickets.|The reservations have been made and the reference number is F82V85K4. and the total fee is 226.8 GBP.
No thanks!  That's it for now.|OKay I am glad I could assist.
Goodbye and thanks. Have a great day.|welcome anytime you need us
Hi, I'm looking for a restaurant that serves Carribbean food. Do you have any like that?|No, would you like to try a different type of food?
How about indian food?|There are a few restaurants that serve Indian food. What area would you like, and price range?
I'd like an expensive place.|I recommend Tandoori Palace in the west. Would you like me to book a table for you?
What is the postcode for that place?|The postcode is cb43le. You need anything else?
Yes i need a train going to stansted airport on friday.|When would you like to leave?
It should leave after 12:30 on friday.|Do you have a certain time you need to arrive by?
Does not matter when I arrive, whatever is closest to leaving at 12:30 but after, can you please book me for 7 and give me a reference number?|I have you booked on TR0188, leaving Cambridge at 12:40. The total fee is 70.7 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is BFK34XQC.
Thank you. That's all I need. Bye.|thanks for inquiring with us. have a great day
I'm looking for museum type attractions.|May I suggest Cambridge Artworks? They are located in the East at 5 Greens Road.
Okay wonderful! Thanks so much.|Cambridge Artworks has no entrance fee and the contact number is 01223902168.
Thank you so much! I am also looking for a train leaving on Tuesday and going to Cambridge.|There are 202 trains to Cambridge. Where are you leaving from?
I need to arrive by 9:15 and then depart from stevenage.|Great, train TR5737 arrives at 08:43 in cambridge. How many riders shall I book tickets for?
There are 8 riders, and I need a reference number please.|Booking was successful your Reference number is : AC1OUCJV
Thank you very much. That was all I needed for today. Have a nice day.|Happy to help. Enjoy your stay!
Can you tell me more information on the avalon?|I can!  The avalon is a guesthouse in north.  What other information do you need?
Can you help me book a 5 night stay there?|Absolutely!  First, what day did you want to arrive, and how many guests will be staying?
I'll need to book for 3 people for a 5 night stay starting on wednesday.|Not a problem, I have booked your stay there already. Your reference number is HNG3AW8R. Can I help you with anything else?
I am looking for a train to Birmingham New Street on Sunday.|Your only departure site is cambridge. And the cost is 60.08 pounds.
That's where I am leaving from. I'll need tickets for 3 people and we need to leave after 15:30.|Train TR6725 will be leaving at 05:01 D o you want me to buy a ticket ?
No, I need the train to leave after 15:30. Can you help me find a train at that time?|TR2776 will be perfect for that time. Shall i book it for you ?
Yes, please.  I need three tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 180.24 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : M27VMT7N.
Great, that is everything, thanks for your help.|Okay, I hope your visit is wonderful!
I'm going to cambridge and I need a train that leaves on wednesday.|Where will you be departing from and what time do you need to arrive in Cambridge?
I'd like to leave from Standsted sometime after 15:30.|the TR1342 leaves at 16:24
That will work, can you reserve 7 seats for us on that train please?|I was able to book for you. The reference number is DSE7LBCU.
Thank you can you help me find a place to eat as well?|What kind of food would you like ?
I'm sorry I don't need a restaurant, I need to find a hotel that has 2 stars.|I would recommend Lovell Lodge on the north side. It is moderately priced and has internet and parking.
That sounds great. Book it for me for  7 people for 4 nights starting from the same day.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : SY83O0SO.
That is all I need, thank you!|Have a wonderful stay.
I need a train from cambridge to ely.|No problem.  What day will you be leaving, and is there a particular time you would like to board?
Yes, I need to leave on Friday sometime after 15:30.|I have a train that leaves Cambridge at 15:50 and arrives in Ely at 16:07, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, I also would like the reference number.|Sure thing. The number is FAC22HSG. Anything else I can do for you?
I'm sorry, I forgot to specify that I need 6 tickets. Could you change that for me?|Surely, I have made that change and the new reference number is YWF1K74N. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thanks I appreciate it. That's all I need!|You're welcome. Enjoy your trip!
Find me an italian place in the north|I have da vinci pizzeria. It is in the cheap price range. Would you like a booking?
Yes. Can you book a table for 3 at 16:00 hours on saturday?|Done. Your reference number is 7LJ1OE8L.
Thank you for your help.|Is there anything else you need today?
im also looking for a train that arrives by 08:15 and leaves on tuesday|Certainly, where would you like to depart from, and what is your destination?
I will depart from Cambridge and arrive in Leicester.|TR2950 arrives at 08:06. Do you need a ticket?
Sure, can you book this for 3 people.  I'll need a reference number please.|Okay, I have booked 3 tickets for TR2950. The reference number is RCS04ITK and the total fee will be 113.4 GBP.
Perfect thats all I needed thanks|You're welcome. Let us know if there is anything else you need.
I am all set, thanks.|You're very welcome! Bye!
I need a train departing from cambridge going to leicester.|What day did you want to travel on?
I'll be going on Wednesday, after 13:15.|We have one that leaves at 13:21, and arrives by 15:06 would you like me to book this for you at 37.80 pounds.
That's perfect. I need 5 tickets|Ok.  I've reserved 5 tickets for Wednesday leaving Cambridge and arriving in Leicester at 15:06.  Your reference # is A4T8DCJA.
Thank you. I also need information on a hotel called warkworth house.|Warkworth House is a guesthouse in the east side of town, would you prefer a different part of town?
I just want information the the Warkworth house, especially the address, please.|The address is warkworth terrace.
Okay, thanks that's all I need.|Okay. Thank you for calling.
Please recommend some worthwhile places to visit in the centre.|there are some great museums, colleges and churches for you to visit.
Great, I would like to get some phone numbers for those places in the centre.|I have Hughes Hall, 01223334898, with free entrance.  The broughton house gallery at 01223314960, also free.  I don't seem to have any churches.  Can I help you further?
Yes I need a train going to birmingham new street leaving after 18:15.|Where will you be departing from, and on what day?
I'll be departing from Cambridge on Wednesday.|There are five trains leaving on Weds. Do you want me to pick one to book?
Sure, and make me a booking for 7 people.|I will go ahead and book that for you.
Ok, that would be great.  Can I get the reference number please?|TR9236 leaves cambridge on wednesday on 19:01 and arrives at birmingham new street at 21:44. I have booked 7 tickets. Your Reference number is : 2BGY3ZRW.
Thank you.  That's all I need for today.  You've been a great help.|Have a wonderful visit. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a hotel to stay in.  I prefer something in the expensive price range, and also one that offers free parking.|The gonville hotel may be a good option.
I'd like a place with 3 stars.|The Lensfield Hotel or Gonville Hotel both meet your criteria. Would you like me to make a reservation for you at either option?
What area is it in?|The gonville hotel is in the centre area and the lensfield hotel is in the south area. Would either of these hotels work for you?
i want the one in the south|In that case, you'd prefer The Lensfield. Do you need to book a room?
yes can you please. thank you|Which day would you be arriving at the hotel, and how long will you be staying?
Wednesday for 4 people, just one night.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : H9CE5KK3. Can i help you with anything else?
I also need a train going to Leincester from Cambridge. I want to leave on Monday and arrive at 13:00.|How many tickets do you need?
4 people please.|Your tickets have been booked. Your reference number is 6F8IVDHH.
Can you find me a place in the centre of town?|We have lots of attractions!  Something more specific you are looking for?
What do you recommend? I will need the address.|How about all saints church? The address is jesus lane.
Perfect. I also need a train departing from cambridge and arriving by 17:30.|There are many trains that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by day, destination, or departure time?
Yes, Tuesday going to London Liverpool Street.|I have a train that arrives at 17:27. Could I book that for you?
Yes, please.  I need a booking for 2 people.  Will you send me the reference number?|I successful booked your train the total fee is 33.2 GBP payable at the station and the reference number is : VJVYH5LC. May I further assist you.
I'm looking for a medium priced Chinese restaurant.|Alright we have a few of those. Any preference on the area?
I would like it to be in the North please.|The Golden Wok is in the North and moderately priced.  Would you like to book a table?
That sounds perfect. Can you please book a table for 7 at 12:30 on Monday? I'll need a reference number as well.|I have booked it and here your information,Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : A776MGRF.
Thanks. Now please book me a train departing from London Kings Cross on Monday|Where would you like to go to?
I would like to go to Cambridge.  Is there any way I can get a train that will arrive by 09:00?|Sure I have train TR9276 arriving at 08:08 is that okay for you?
Yeah, that would be great.|Would you like me to book this for you?  I will need to know how many total people will be traveling.
Yes I need 7 tickets please.|You are booked, the reference number is C33Q5D2G, the total fee is 196.2, any further questions today?
That's it. Thanks very much for your help today.|Thank you for choosing to work with us. I hope your experience has been pleasurable. Have a good evening.
Hi, I'm planning a trip to North Cambridge and I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant for dinner. Can you help?|There are two moderately priced restaurants in north cambridge. The golden wok serves chinese food and the nirala serves indian food. Would you like a table at one of those?
I think I'll try the Golden Wok.  Can you get a reservation for 2 people 11:30 this Thursday?|I'm sorry, but they have no tables available at that time. Would you like to try a different day or time?
how about 10:30 then?|I have you booked for Thursday at 10:30. Your reference number is Y4VBKJFT. Keep in mind the table is reserved for 15 minutes. May I help you with anything else?
Is there a train that arrives by 15:15 from Cambridge?|There are 714 trains. Where are you travelling to?
I am going to bishops stortford, leaving on Friday.|Train TR8585 leaves at 13:29 and arrives at 14:07. Would you like to book this train?
Yes, for 2 people. Can I have the reference number?|Ok, I have booked the train for you. The reference number is 4NSCBU57. What else can I help you with?
No thank you.|You are welcome. Have a lovely day.
I'm looking for a college to visit, can you help me?|Which area would you like to visit?
Any area is fine. Can you tell me the fee, postcode, and address of your favorite one?|Churchill college in the west is a great place to visit, the address is storey's way with postcode db30ds and entrance is free.  Can I help with anything else?
Can you find me an Italian restaurant near the college?|Any particular price range?
Actually, I need to book a train departing from Cambridge.|Can you please specify where you want to go, which day and what time you want to arrive?
I need a train from Cambridge that can arrive by 16:15.|Certainly. Where is your destination?
I want to go to Broxbourne, please.|What day do you want to travel?
The train needs to leave by Saturday and I need three tickets.  I would also like the reference number once you book it please?|I booked it you reference number is DUW21NUT
Thank you, that's all I needed.|You are welcome. Your total for the three tickets is 42.96 pounds. You can pay at the station.
I'm looking for a hotel in Cambridge in the higher prices ranges and would like for it to include free parking.|I can offer you 5 options, ranging from 2-4 stars, all with free internet and free parking. Where in the city would you like to be?
I would like to be in the north part of the city please.|I'm sorry, I have no expensive accommodations with your requirements in the northern part of the city. Will any other area do?
Do you have anything in the south?|Yes, The Lensfield Hotel is in the south at 53-57 Lensfield Road cb21en, phone 01223355017. If you'd like to book there, let me know what day, and I'll set it up.
Is this a hotel or a guesthouse?|The Lensfield is a hotel, not a guesthouse.
Sounds great. Could I have the address?|It is located at 53-57 lensfield road
Thank you. I am also looking for a train departing on Saturday from Bishops Stortford going to Cambridge.|Okay, there are several trains to choose from. What time would you like to depart?
I would like to arrive by 10:30.|I have one that gets there at 10:07.  Will this work for you?
That would be perfect.  Please reserve 8 seats for me.|The booking for 8 tickets was successful. Your reference number is 4MKJKVTR. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that'll do it.  Thanks!|Glad I could help. Goodbye!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|Going by train or in a tree? Not in a car! Please, let me be ... helpful by telling me what I can help you with for your trip
Is there something wrong with you? I need a moderately priced guesthouse on the east side with a 4 star rating. Or do you need help?|Sorry bout that, Dr Seuss gets the best of me sometimes! How about 1 and b guest house on Tension Road?
Can you book it for me?|Absolutely I can book a and b guest house. What day would you like the reservation for?
My 4 friends and I want to stay for 2 nights, we plan to arrive on Monday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : H0GCL2M7. Is there something else I can do for you?
I'm also looking for a trail which will arrive by 16:15 in cambridge.|Absolutely, where are you leaving from and what day would you like to travel?
I'll be leaving London Liverpool Street on Monday.|TR6226 arrives at 15:07 do you want me to book it for you? The cost is 16.60 pounds per ticket.
Yes please for 5 people. I need the reference number as well.|The booking was successful, the total fee is 83 GBP and it can be paid at the station. Reference number is Y4HS2Q9D. Is there anything else?
No, I think that's all I need today. Thank you for your assistance.|Enjoy your day and your stay.  Hope its not bad in any way.
I need a place to stay that includes parking|Would you have a preference for an area or price?
A hotel on the east side with free internet and parking if thats doable.|I have one hotel on the east that offers both free wifi and parking. It is the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge. It is expensive and has a 2-star rating.
I need the postcode too.|The postcode for that is cb13lh. Do you want me to book a room now?
No thanks, but I'd like some information on a train next.|i can certainly help with that. Where are you departing from?
I am departing from cambridge and need to arrive by 12:00.|We have over 400 trains that meet that criteria, what destination did you want to go to?
This will be on a Friday and I'm going to Leicester.|Is there a time you want to leave by?
I would like to arrive by 12:00, which ever one is closest to that.|I have the TR7505 that will arrive by 11:06. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes!  Please book for me and three friends.  I need the reference number as well.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 151.19 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : A6Z2U9VN. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that should be all.  Thank you!|You're welcome, and have a great day.
I'm looking for the Cambridge Contemporary Art.|It is a museum in the center of town.
May I have the phone number and postcode?|Phone number is 01223324222 and postcode is cb21su.
Can you help me find a train leaving Saturday, departing from stansted airport?|Where are you headed?
I am headed to Cambridge and need to arrive by 1:30pm.|The TR8488 leaves Stansted at 12:24 and arrives in Cambridge at 12:52. Would that suit you?
It would, thanks. Please make me a booking for 2 people on that train.|I have booked two tickets for you. It'll be 16.16 GBP and the reference number is: VZK4BVQ5
Thanks, that's all I need today. I appreciate your help.|You're welcome. I hope you enjoy your trip!
I'm coming to town from Ely and want to book a train.|There are plenty of options, what date and time will you need this service?
I need arrive at cambridge by 10:45.|There are 21 possible trains with the  TR2704 arriving closest to your desired time at 09:52.  Would you like to book a seat?
Yes, please book a seat.|Ok, it'll be 4.40 pounds per ticket. How many tickets do you want?
I need to make a booking for 8 people.|Here is the information-Booking was successful, the total fee is 35.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : LWIXNE3T.
I also need a restaurant.|Well do you have a preference for food type, price range or location?
A cheap one in the south part of town.|There is a chinese place and a portuguese place.  Do you have a preference between the two?
The Chinese restaurant will be find. I'd like to book a table for 8 people at 16:30 on Friday.|Booking at The Lucky Star Chinese Restaurant has been confirmed your table will be reserved for 15 minutes, Reference number 3NXT0DHF. May I assist you with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you.|Thanks for using our service today!
Can you give me the address to the hospital in Cambridge?|The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge Postcode	:	CB20QQ
I am actually looking for a train on sunday from peterborough.|What is your destination?
Going to Cambridge.|At what time do you want to travel?
I would like to arrive by 11:45. I will need to buy 5 tickets once we find a train.|I have train TR7721 arriving at 7:38 would you like that one?
Yes, five tickets, please. What is the reference number?|Your reference number is CIGYXAW9. Do you need anything else?
I am also looking for a guesthouse. I need free parking and free wifi there.|there are 21 options. do you have any other requirements?
No. Just free parking and free wifi. Also I'll need the phone number please?|I would recommend the Allenbell. It's a cheap guesthouse in the east. Their phone number is 01223210353.
Sounds great, thanks! That's all that I need, thanks so much! Have a great day!|please contact us again in the future. goodbye.
I am looking for a train departing from Cambridge.|Hi, there's one that departs at 05:00 going to london kings cross. Would you like to book it?
I actually need to go to Birmingham new street by 13:45 on Tuesday.|The TR8233 arrives at Birmingham new street at 13:44. Would you like me to book you a seat?
Please, just one ticket. Can I have the reference number as well?|The booking went through successfully. Reference number is : U1F39M58. The total fee is 75.09 GBP. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you! Can you also help me find a place to dine?|It will be my pleasure. Do you have any preference in location, cuisine or price range?
No, I would just like something expensive.  I like the west side of town.|We have some very nice restaurants, such as the Graffiti, offering British cuisine, The Cambridge Lodge, with European, and the Tandoori Palace, with Indian fare. What sounds good to you today?
Surprise me. I need the postcode, phone number, and type of food though, please.|I would recommend Graffiti, serving british fare.  Their phone number is 01223277977 and the postcode is cb30lx.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need, thank you.|Great! I'm happy to help. Goodbye!
I need a place to stay in Cambridge. I'm looking for a hotel with 0 stars.|Is there a certain area you would like to be in?
I don't really have an area in mind. I would just like for it to have free wifi and be a hotel instead of a guesthouse.|Cityroomz over in Centre would work perfectly for you then!  They do have free wifi and are a moderately priced 0 star hotel.  Would you like a room?
Yes, I would like to book it for 5 nights for two people starting on Monday.|I have booked the cityroomz for you for 5 nights starting on Monday.  The reference number is MSZ63RPW.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I would also like to find a train from Cambridge.|Okay where is the destination and what day would you like to travel?
Please list all restaurants in Cambridge centre in the moderate price range.|There are 21 restaurants matching your criteria. Is there a type of cuisine that interests you?
Possibly Italian if that's available for 3 people on Thursday at 13:30.|There are 2 choices, pizza express serves Italian food with a moderate price range, or pizza express Fen Ditton also in the moderate price range. Which shall I reserve?
Let's go with Pizza Express, can you book for 3 at 13:30 on thursday please.|Ok.  I was able to book the table for three.  Your reference number is 0FOAJA8A.
I need to catch a train to get to the restaurant. Can you help with that too?|You'll have to tell me where you are departing from?
I'm travelling from norwich.|Okay thank you. What time would you like to leave?
I need to arrive by 8:00.|which day do you want to travel?
I want to get there thursday please.|TR4387 arrives at 07:35, would that work for you?
Yeah could I get three tickets please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : 5K7P12XZ.
Thank you so much, If you can please leave a review for us. I hope your trip is amazing and very enjoyable.|ok, thank you and enjoy your stay!
am looking for a train it should arrive by 18:30 and should go to peterborough|TR9859 cost 	16.50 pounds. Is there anything else?
I need to leave on Sunday from Cambridge.|There are two trains that arrive in Peterborough by 18:30. What time are you planning to leave Cambridge?
I just need to arrive by 18:30 in peterborough the departure time doesn't matter.|TR8293 arrives at 17:56 and TR2913 arrives at 18:24. Would you like me to book tickets on one of them?
I need tickets for 8 people. Can you book and give me the reference number?|I booked TR 8293 and you reference number is EPABNNPD. Is there anything else?
No that is all.  Thank you.|Thank you for using our services.
I'm looking for a place to stay that includes free wifi and parking.|We have 29 places that include both, did you want me to narrow things down with a couple more searches?
I really don't like hotels. I never have a good experience. So, maybe a guesthouse might be a better option for me.|OK, there are 21 guesthouses for you. To narrow it down more, do you have an area of town you want to stay in or a pricerange in mind?
Can you find one that will take a booking for Thursday and Friday for eight people?|yes if you tell me your price range.
I don't have a price range any one you recommend will be fine.|I would recommend allenbell.
Can you book 8 people for 2 nights staring from Thursday for me? I will need a reference number as well.|Your reference number is GUE0LWWA
Okay. Thank you. I'm also looking for a train that's departing from Kings Lynn heading to Cambridge.|When are you looking to travel?
I will be traveling on Thursday.|Do you have a specific arrival or departure time in mind?
I would like to arrive by 9:00.|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
Hi there, can you help me with some upcoming plans?  I am looking for places to go.|Yes, there are many attractions what kind of places are you interested in?
I'm looking for a nightclub.|There 6 nightclubs in town. There are 5 in the centre and one in the south.  Do you have a preference in area?
Not really. Let me have the postcode for the one in the south then.|The postcode for The Place is cb23hg.
Is there an entrance fee?|Theres is a 10lb entra=nce fee, do you want me to book it for you ?
Yes, I was wondering if you could help me find a train leaving from Cambridge.|No problem! Where will you be going to and on what day?
I'd like to go to london liverpool street on Sunday. I need to get there by 21:00.|I have train TR7713 that departs at 17:59 and arrives at 19:27. Would that work for you or would you like something earlier?
That one would be great. Can I get 2 tickets on that train, and the reference number once it's booked?|Certainly. I have now reserved two tickets for you, which you can pay for at the station. Your reference number is 13GQ9S3A.
I'm also looking for a place to stay in the centre of town that includes free parking.|What is your price range?
I am looking for a cheap place to stay.|Can I recommend el shaddia guesthouse?
Does this location include free wifi?|Yes, El Shaddai includes free parking. Would you like to book a stay, or perhaps you would like directions?
Does the El Shaddai include free wifi?|Yes it does, would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes. Could you make it for 2 nights/ 2 people starting on friday.|I'm sorry, that reservation wasn't available. Perhaps you could book another day, or a different length of stay?
That's okay, see if you can make the booking for one night instead.|The booking was successful! Your reference number is 7V39SM46.
Thank you very much for all your help.|need any other help?
No. Thank you for your help.|Great! Enjoy your stay!
Yes, hello. I need a train departing from cambridge and should go to stansted airport.|Sure thing, what day will you be leaving?
I will be leaving on Sunday|TR5529 leaves at 5:40 and arrives at 6:08, will this work for you?
Yes, I need a booking for 7 people and the reference number.|The total is 56.56 GBP and can be paid at the station. the reference number is Y1MGNCV3
Can you suggest somewhere around here where I can see multiple sports and is in the centre?|I'm sorry.  I was unable to find anything that matched that criteria.  Can I help you with something else?
Yes, can you please see if there are any types of colleges located in the centre?|Yes there are five colleges in centre.  Four are free to get into, one is 2 pounds.
Could you give me the address for the one that is 2 pounds.|That address is king's parade.
I need a train out of Cambridge as well. I need to leave on Friday.|What is your destination?
I want to go to Peterborough.|There are several available. Do you have a preference on time?
I would like to leave after 09:00.|What time would you like to arrive by?
i dont mind as long as we leave after 09:00|I have a train here that is leaving from Cambridge on Friday at 09:06 and arrives at 09:56. Would this be good for you?
Yes. That's perfect. I need 4 tickets please|Your reservation for 4 tickets on the TR3071 train was successful, the total fee is 66 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is : NZFZ3VHB.
Ok. Thanks.  I am all set.|I'm glad I could be of assistance. Have a great day!
I am looking for train going to cambridge please.|Where are you planning to depart from?
I would like to leave from the birmingham new street station please. On a Saturday.|Okay, what time do you need to leave by?
I need to arrive by 16:45, departure is not as important.|How about TR3415 that arrives at 08:23?
you can book it please. get me the reference number too|Reference number is : PA6L738Y.
Thank you for your help|welcome. at your service next time
Sorry, I should have specified but the booking needs to be for 3 people|Booking was successful, the total fee is 180.24 GBP payable at the station for 3 tickets. Reference number is : 0UP7SB1H.
Perfect. Thank you so much! Have a great day!|You are quite welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No that was all. Thanks|You're very welcome! Have a great day! Bye!
Hi, I'd like a listing for a Mediterranean restaurant.|La Mimosa is a nice restaurant in the centre of town which serves Mediterranean food in the expensive price range.
That sounds wonderful. Can you help me book a table for 2 people at 18:00 on Wednesday?|I am sorry I cannot reserve a table for that time. Maybe another?
Can I book a table for 17:00 instead?|I'm sorry. That time is unavailable as well.
Can you help me find a train going to Stevenage and leaving Thursday instead?|There are ten trains available. Can you give me a little more detail about your trip?
I am going to stevenage on thursday and need a ticket leaving cambridge anytime after 15:30 please|The train leaves every 2 hours starting at 17:21.  Would you like me to book a ticket on any of the 4 trains available after 15:30?
Yes, please can I book for two people at 17:21?|The booking was successful the total price is 25.6 that can be paid at the station. Reference number is UD72LTGU
I also need a train going to Stevenage on Thursday leaving Cambridge after 15:30 for the same group of people.|I've done that for you. If you need additional help ask away. If not have a good one!
Can you help me find a place to dine on the east side of the city, please? Something that's moderately priced would be best.|There are two Indian restaurants and one Italian restaurant in that area and price range. Do you have a preference for type of food?
Tell me about the Indian restaurants.|The restaurants are called Curry Prince and the other is Rajmahal. They are both in the moderate price range.
Great! I would like to book at table at Curry Prince.|How many people will the reservation be for?
Just myself, at 14:30 on Thursday, please.|I was unable to book for that time, would you like me to try something else?
How about 13:30?|I was able to book that for you for 13:30. Your reference number is 9VLGU3GE. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I am also looking for information on trains going from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford.|I'd be happy to help you with that.  What day will you be traveling?
I will be leaving on Friday.|There are 5 trains leaving on Friday. Is there a specific departure or arrival time you would like?
Yes, I will need to be at Bishops Stortford before 16:15.|Okay. TR5853 leaves at 09:29 and arrives at 10:07 would you like me to book that train for you?
Please. Can you also provide me with the reference number?|Before I can book that for you, would you please let me know how many people will be traveling?
Oh, sorry about that! Same as the restaurant, so just 1.|The reference number is EMG78YR0.
Thank you so much, goodbye.|Thank you for using our system today!
I'm looking for pizza hut fen ditton.|Sure, it's located at Jesus Lane Fen Ditton	cb58ba
Great.  Can you get a table for 7 for me.  Saturday at 14:00.|Ok! I have a table for 7 booked on Saturday at 14:00.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your Reference number is 54PRTQHD.
Wonderful. Could you help me find a train, as well?|Yes, where will you be departing from?
I am leaving from Cambridge.|Where will your destination be?  What day will you be traveling?  When do you need to be there by?
I need to leave on Sunday and get to Leicester by 16:00.|There are 5 different trains that could work. Would you like me to book the earliest one?
No, I'd rather have the latest one possible.|The TR3371 meets your criteria. Would you like tickets? If so, how many?
Please reserve for 7 people|Booking for TR3371 is confirmed. Reference number is : MBSYUIFA. Total fee is 211.67 GBP payable at the station .
Thank you! That is all that I need.|I hope you have a good trip.  Have a great day!
I need to catch a train into Cambridge. Could you help me find one?|Of course. What time and from where are you departing?
I need to go to cambridge from broxbourne and the train should leave after 10:00 on a tuesday.|Train TR6989 leaves at 10:32 and arrives by 11:32.  Would you like to book it?
Yes, I need tickets for 3 people please.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 53.7 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 23926N66.  Let me know if I can do anything else for you.
I also need a place to eat serving indian food|which side of town do you prefer?
Only the best will do. Can you find me something in the expensive price range?|I found multiple Indian restaurants in the expensive price range. There are many choices in the Centre, which part of town do you prefer?
Any area is fine. Please just recommend a restaurant, and send me the address and postcode. Thanks in advance!|Rajmahal is very popular. Their address is 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton and their post code is cb58rg. Will that be all today?
that is it for today. have a good day|I hope you have a great time.
thanks again for everything.|You are quite welcome. Thank you for using our services.
I am looking for a train that departs from cambridge after 09:30.|There are 1064 trains leaving after that time, do you have a preferred destination?
The train should leave on friday and should go to stevenage.|There are 49 trains headed to Stevenage on that date after that time. How does 11:21 sound?
That sounds great. Can you please book that for one person and give me the reference number?|It has been booked. The reference number is 4SZT0AAV.
Thank you. I'm also looking for a particular hotel called the Huntington Marriot Hotel. Can you help me?|The Huntington Marriott Hotel is located on Kingfisher Way. Would you like to book a room?
Yes I need a room for just myself for 4 nights staring from Monday. Also could you please provide me with the reference number?|All booked! Your reference number is 4EMWSAP1.
Alright, that's everything! Thank you very much.|I am glad I could be of service, I appreciate your business and I hope to see you again. Have a great day!
I am planning a trip in cambridge|Okay. I can help you find a restaurant or hotel, look for tourist information, book a train or taxi. How may I help you ?
I need a train going to Broxbourne that leaves after 8:00 on Monday|TR5517 will leave at 08:01 and arrive by 09:01. Would you like to book seats?
That's leaving from Cambridge, right? If so, then yes, book me one seat, and give me the reference number, thanks!|That is correct! One ticket has been booked and your reference number is WB6YZLP0. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I'm also looking for information on a hotel called cityroomz.|I have it be sure to give me your preferences and we can start booking
I just needed to find out if they offer free parking there.|Unfortunately, Cityroomz does not offer free parking--just free internet. Is there something more I can help with?
No thank you.|Thank you so much for calling.
Help me find a chinese place to dine in the centre please.|I show 10 Chinese restaurants located in the centre. Do you have a price range in mind?
I would like to stay in the expensive price range.|There are 4 Chinese restaurant in the centre of town in the expensive price range. May I suggest HK Fusion?
Can I book it for 1 person at 14:15 on thursday?|I was able to book you, the reference number is 83KK1ZQE, can I assist with anything else?
I can't wait to eat there, thanks. I also need train information. I am going to birmingham new street and need to arrive by 09:45.|WIll you be travelling Thursday, as well?
No, I need to leave on Friday.|Train TR8310 would be perfect for you shall i book it ?
Yes, 1 ticket please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : KXH54OG6. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am good to go now, thank you so much! Take care!|Thank you for using our services. Have a great trip!
Thank you for your time.|You are very welcome.  I hope you enjoy your trip.
I am looking for a train to Cambridge leaving by 13:45|There are many trains relevant to your search. Please tell me where you are departing from.
I need to leave from Peterborough on Sunday.|Okay I can book you a trip on train TR5662, leaving at 07:19 and arriving by 08:09. How many tickets would you like?
I need to book the train for 7 people. Are you able to do that for me and provide me with a reference number please?|Your booking was successful and your reference number is JA1FRX8K. Anything else I can help you with today?
I'm also looking for this place called Castle Galleries?|Castle Galleries is a museum at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street. Is there anything else you'd like to know about it?
I need the post code please.|The postcode is cb23bj.
Thanks, that is all the information I need. Have a great day.|Thank you and have a great day!
Ok, thanks for all your help regarding my requests.|No problem, enjoy your trip. :)
Hello, we're planning on staying in Cambridge and would like to know if you have a train that departs around 12:00 from Cambridge proper.|Yes, can you tell me where you would like to travel to and what time?
I'll be going to London Kings Cross on Friday.  I need to arrive by 12:00|The TR1502 puts you in London Kings Cross at 11:51, will that work for you?
Yes, please book that for 5 people.|I was able to book you 5 tickets for that train. Your reference number is XNQN9BN0. Is there anything more I can assist you with?
Yes, I'd like to find someplace to stay with free wifi in the centre of town, please.|alexander bed and breakfast is a cheap location. Shall I book?
I am actually looking for something in the more expensive range and it should also include free parking.|There are two locations in the expensive range, Gonville hotel is a 3 star hotel and University Arms Hotel which is a 4 star hotel, which location would you prefer?
Put me in the University Arms, same group of people for 3 nights starting Tuesday.|I have booked that for you. Your reference number is 3JP83PAX.
that is great. thank you. that is all for now.|You're welcome. Have a nice day too
You have been most helpful. Are there any colleges in the area with free admission. Or other attractions available close by?|Yes, there are several colleges in the city centre.
thanks once again|Have a great day, thanks
I need to find a train going to Stevenage. Can you help me?|What day will you travel?
We will be leaving on Tuesday and would like to arrive by 16:00.|How about a train that leaves at 17:21?
Thast will work,I need you to book it for 2 people and a reference number please|I want to confirm you are leaving from Cambridge. If you want to arrive in stevenage by 16:00, I recommend TR0743, leaving at 13:21 and arriving at 14:10.
Yes, can I have the reference number and also a place to stay with 3 stars and fee parking?|The reference number is 4H7V2X8R.
Im looking for a restaurant called sitar tandoori, can you help?|Yes the Sitar Tandoori is an expensive Indian restaurant in the East. Would you like me to book it for you?
Just the phone number please.|The phone number is 01223249955.
I also need to find a train going to Ely on Friday.|There are 10 trains traveling to Ely on Friday and are all departing from Cambridge. Is there a particular time you are wanting to leave?
Well, let's see. I need to sleep in a little, so can you see if there's one that departs Cambridge some time after 08:00?|Sure, the train TR8792 leaves at 09:50. Will that work?
Yes, can you make a booking for 4 people please.|I have your four seats reserved. The reference number is dgdl8o65. Can I assist you in any other ways?
No, thank you, you've been very helpful.|Have a great day!
I am looking for somewhere to go in the east.|There's a boat dock, museums, or some entertainment venues in the east. Do any of those sound interesting?
My bad, I meant the west.|There are some great colleges in the west.  Or perhaps the Museum of Classical Archeology?
What is the address?|They are located on Sidgwick Avenue and they have free entrance. Anything else I can help you with today?
Thanks so much. What type of attraction are they?|They are museums.
I need a train going to bishops stortford leaving after 16:15. I need eight tickets and the reference number please.|Where will you be leaving from?
I will be coming from Cambridge.|What day would you like to travel?
I would like to travel on friday.|Okay your train reference number is YXCN2XHO. Is there anything else you need?
No that's all for today, thank you.|Have a very nice day and thank you for calling.
Hi, can you help me find a cheap hotel with free wifi? Thank you|The Cambridge Belfry is a cheap hotel in the west with wifi, would that be okay?
I would like a cheap 4 star guesthouse with free wifi instead.|In what area will you need the room?
There area does not matter, but I prefer a four star guesthouse.|Autumn House is a cheap 4 star guesthouse with free wifi in the East.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Please for 7 people for 3 nights starting on Tuesday/|Your booking was successful! Your reference number is 7IWUZFNC. Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes I also need a train. I'm planning to travel from Cambridge to Stevenage on Friday.|Do you have a time you want to leave or get there by?
I would like to arrive by 11:00.|There are 3 trains that will arrive by 11:00.  Would you prefer to leave at 05:21, 07:21 or 09:21?
9:21 works perfectly, can I have a reference number for that as well?|Your Reference number is : CZEKL8AL. It will cost 12.8 GBP.
That is all I need good bye.|Fell free to call if you need anything in the cause of the day.
I'm looking for a train going to cambridge.|Ok.  I can help you find a train. Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from Brookshite.|Brookshite? Can you please repeat that?
Sorry about that, i'm leaving from norwich.|ive boked that for you trainID	departure	destination	day	leaveAt	arriveBy	price	duration	book (optional) TR9900	norwich	cambridge	friday	05:16	06:35	17.60 pounds	79 minutes
Yes please book that and I need the reference number.|You're all set! The reference number is 44LHUSZT.
Thank you for your help|You are more than welcome!
Can you help me find a train departing peterborough arriving by 14:30?|I am getting the information up now, what day this week will you need that?
On Sunday please|Train TR3782 	fits your needs. For how many people ?
7 people, please.|Yes your booking was successful and your reference number is 5WS52ANO.
Perfect.  Can you also help me find a hotel while we're there? It should also have free parking.|Wow, there are 29 hotels that meet your criteria. Do you know which area of town you'd prefer to stay, or if a guesthouse is preferred over a hotel, or even how many stars or a price range of a possible location? There are so many to choose from!
I would like to find a hotel on the east side. I need parking but wifi is not necessary.|express by holiday in cambridge is the only hotel in the east it is expensively priced, do you want to go with that or include guestouses in a search?
No, I want to keep it in the type of hotel.  Does this hotel have free wifi?|Yes, they do! Would you like to book a room?
Yes, go ahead and book this. I will need accommodations for 7 people. We need to book for 2 nights, starting on Sunday.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is MULV4YIP.
Thank you . That is all I needed. Have a nice day.|Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I'm looking for a train out of cambridge.|Where would you like to go?
I am going to broxbourne on and need to arrive by 14:45.|What day would you be traveling.  I'd be  happy to look that up and book it for you.
I would like that to be for Wednesday and I will need tickets for 3 people please.|Okay, the TR6167 leaves at 13:01 and arrives by 14:01. Would you like me to book this one?
Yes please, for 3 people. I also need to know if the restaurant La Minosa is still open.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 53.7 GBP. Reference number is : GKN1SECP. Unfortunately, I don't have the hours of operation for La Mimosa. But their phone number is 01223362525.
Can you book the La Mimosa for the same group of 3 people at 11:30 on Wednesday?|Yes that booking was successful and the reference number is F7EI7E4Y.
Thanks so much. Have a great day! Goodbye|If there is anything else, please contact us. Good bye.
Hi, can you suggest some attractions I could visit in Cambridge?|Absolutely. We have plenty of options. Looking for a place in particular?
Can you look for something in the east?|There are museums, a park, a pool, multiple sports, entertainment venues, and a boat. Do any of these sound fun? Personally, I think the boat is a lot of fun.
Are they all located in the east? If so, I would like more information on the boat!|Camboats is in the east and there is no entrance fee listed. May I help you with anything else?
I'm looking to book a train to kings cross on wednesday to cambridge.|what time were you wanting to leave by or arrive by?
I want to arrive by 12:15.|I have train TR2417 that is departing at 11:17 and arrives by 12:08. Would that work for you?
That would be great, could you book it for 7 people?|Absolutely! I've booked 7 tickets for a total of 165.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number: 9G3E2JDS. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, actually.  I just need the phone number and postcode for the attraction you told me about, Camboats.|The phone number to Camboats is 01223902112 and the postcode is cb58sx.
Thank you very much. That will be all.|You're very welcome, have a great day!
I'm looking for a hotel that includes free wifi.|ashley hotel is a great place with free wi fi
Is it expensive?|ashley hotel is a moderately price hotel in the north area. Would you like me to book a room for you?
I would prefer one in the expensive range if you have any.|The express by holiday inn is an expensive 2 star hotel in the east. They have free parking and free wifi. Will this work for you?
Yes. I need to book for 7 people starting on Wednesday and staying for 2 nights.|I've made those reservations and your reference number is N90KBZUM
Great! Can you please help me with finding a train as well? I need something leaving london liverpool street after 16:30.|how about TR9886? it arrives at 19:07 on Friday.
Actually, can we try for Wednesday? I'll need tickets for the same group of people.|Train TR2232 leaves Liverpool Street, London at 17:39 and arrives at	19:07. Would this work for you?
Yes that works. Go ahead and book me 7 tickets please|Your booking was successful and your total cost is 116.2 GBP. Your reference number is BWXB511A.
Thanks a lot. That is all I need.|Great thank you so much.
Thanks again, goodbye.|Have a great trip. Goodbye.
Can you help me find a guesthouse with free parking?|Definitely! Do you have a price range and/or area in mind?
I would like the guesthouse to be in the cheap range.|We have a couple of choices for 4 star ones in the center and the east.  Shall i just pick one for you?
Yes, I need to book it for 5 people.|The alexander bed and breakfast is a 4 star facility with internet and free parking. Their number is 01223525725. What day would you like to arrive?
Great can you book it for 5 people for 3 nights starting monday?|Booking was successful. Reference number is : ANH718Q1. Is there anything else I can help with?
I also need a train departing from cambridge going to broxbourne.|What day would you like to travel and when do you want to leave?
I would like to leave on Wednesday and the train should leave after 09:00.|I have one train leaving at 9:01 that day. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes please book for 5 people.|I have booked Train TR3279 departing at 9:01. The total fee is 89.5 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 0G1S9EH9.
Thank you for all of your help!|Will you need anything else right now?
That will be all. Thank you for all of your help.|Thanks for booking with us. Have a great day!
Thank you, you as well!|Thank you very much!
Hey could you help me figure out the train schedule? I need to go to Cambridge I am leaving from bishops Stanford station. Do you know the times?|What day would you be needing the train?
I would like to leave on Sunday please.|How many tickets are you looking for?
i need tickets for three people.|The train leaving Bishops and arriving in Cambridge has a consistent Sunday schedule. Beginning at 5:29 a.m., a train leaves exactly two hours later all day. Next train 7:29, etc.
Could you please get me three tickets for a train that leaves after 15:45?|The TR5298 leaves at 17:29. Would you like me to book tickets?
Yes please make reservations for sunday for 3 people.|Your booking was successful and the total fee is 24.24 GBP. Will there be anything else?
What is the reference number?|The reference number is MNKWT71T. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a hotel for 3 people starting Sunday and for 4 nights.|Do you have any preferences for the hotel, like price range or area of town?
We would like a place in the north which includes free wifi and free parking.  Can you find something fitting this?|I have two that match your criteria. I'd recommend the Ashley Hotel on Chesterton Road. Will that work for you?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|You're all booked. Reference number is IF53LR3M. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that would be all.|Thank you.  Good bye.
I need a train that gets me into Cambridge by 21:30|sure, what day are you traveling?
I'm leaving on Saturday. I am coming from London Kings Cross.|The TR7223 arrives in Cambridge at 20:08. Will that suit you?
Yes, could you book me tickets for 7 people on that train?|Absolutely! Go ahead and pay 132.16 GBP at the station for the 7 tickets. Would you like your reference number?
Can you recommend a cinema in the east?|There are no cinemas in the east. Can I help find something else?
Actually, yes, I do need that reference number on that train.  And, maybe you could find a museum instead of a cinema?|reference number is K13L3ILC.
What about a museum? Are there any of those in the east? If so, please give me some additional information including the entrance fee.|There are 4, I would recommend Cambridge Artworks 5 Greens Road, postcode cb13ef, number 01223902168. There is no entrance fee. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you.  You have covered everything.|thank you for using our system. have a good day.
I need to catch a train that departs from Leicester after 18:30.|We have 35 trains taking that route, what day of the week will you need that?
I would like to leave on tuesday.|TR8632 leaves at 19:09. Want to book it?
Yes, please. I'll need a booking for 6 and the reference number.|Just to be certain, book 6 train tickets to cambridge from Leicester on tuesday at 19:09, correct?
Yes, that is correct|Okay, the booking was successful. Your reference number is M3UVOLVXD. The total fee of 226.8 GBP is payable at the station.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a place to stay that's a guesthouse.|What price range would you like?
cheap, but i still need free wifi.|There are 9 that meet those requirements, was there an area you wanted to stay in?
What's the best one of those options? I need it for 4 nights.|I would suggest the alexander bed and breakfast, it has a 4 star rating, free parking and internet and it is in the cheap price range. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please. For 5 nights for the same group of people.|What day would you like that on?
Tuesday please. Thanks|Okay. Your booking was successful. The reference number is W7DGP5W4. Can I help with anything else today?
That was all I needed today, thank you very much.|Thank you for using our service today.
I'm looking for a modern european restaurant that had a moderate price range.|The riverside brasserie matches what you're looking for. Will this work?
Yes, please. Reserve a spot for 1 at 16:00 on thursday.|I was able to book you, The table will be reserved for 15 minutes, your reference number is : GPMQ5NCV.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you. I'm also looking for a train that departs from cambridge and arrives at stevenage.|There are 70 trains to choose from!  Let's start narrowing that down.  What day would you like to travel on?
I'm looking to travel on friday and arrive by 12:30|There is no train matching that descrioption
If nothing before 12:30 is there, what time are available?|I apologize. There is TR3043 that will depart at 11:21 and arrive at 12:10. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes I need to book for 1 please|Your booking was successful and your reference number is 23NZ1NPG. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you goodbye|I've booked one ticket for you, the reference number is 6WUNBIGW.
Goodbye and thank you again.|You're welcome, please let me know if you need anything else.
I would like a ticket to a train that arrives in Cambridge before 8:45am.|There are 231 trains that arrive in Cambridge before 8:45, can you tell me where you want to depart from to narrow it down?
I'd like to depart from London kings cross|I can book you on train number TR4543. It departs at 07:17 and arrives in Cambridge at 8:08.
I need the train to leave on Sunday.|Okay, I got one leaving at 5:17 and another at 7:17, do you have a preference?
7:17 please.  I would like to book for 8 people and i need the reference number.  I would also like to book at Bangkok City restaurant.|I've booked the train. Your reference number is YRIP8V3C. For what day and time would you like the restaurant reservation?
I want to book the reservation the same day as my train at 13:30 for 8 people.|Unfortunately we cannot book at that time, could you choose another day or time please?
How about the same day at 12:30?  If that works, please send the reference number.|It works. The reference number is YRIP8V3C. Anything else I can do for you?
i would also like to book a reservation at bangkok city.|You would like an additional reservation at Bangkok city restaurant?
No, my mistake. Thank you.|okay is there anything else i can help you with?
No, that was everything, thank you!|Okay! Thank you for calling.
Thank you very much for your help.|Good day then.
Can you help me find a cheap hotel?|We have many, do you want a specific side of town?
I would like it to be in the north with a 4 star rating and free parking please.|The Worth House meets your needs. Would you like me to book a room for you there?
Yes, please and can you send me a reference number. Thank you.|Your room is now booked at The Worth House and I will send you the reference number. Thank you. Good bye.
Could you give me some places to go in Cambridge?|We have some great museums in Cambridge as well as great restaurants, nightclub's, multiple sports and cinema's. Do you have anything particular in mind?
I am looking for an attraction in the centre.|Are you more interested by architecture, boats, cinemas, colleges,  concerthalls, museums, nightclubs, parks, swimmingpools, or theatres?
I'm not really sure, you can surprise me with something you think would be fun. I just would need the postcode please.|How about all saints church? The postcode is cb58bs.
That'll work just fine. I'm also looking to book a train.|There are over 2,800 trains - I will need some more information to narrow down your search.  Let's start with your destination please.
Of course, I would like to travel to Cambridge on Sunday.|Departure location? And do you have a preferred departure or arrival time?
Leaving from Ely, sometime after 08:30 please.|There are 8 trains available. Do you have an arrival time in mind?
I do not have one in mind, no.|There is a train leaving from Ely at 09:35 and arriving in Cambridge at 09:52. How does that sound?
That would be great. Can you get me 8 tickets on that train, and give me the reference number?|I have booked your order, your total is 28.16
May I have the reference number please?|My fault! It's T3AWW926. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that seems to be everything today. Thank you.|Thank you for using our service.  Have a wonderful day!
I need a train to Peterborough that will be there no later than 17:15.|I have several choices, do you have a time for your departure?
I am looking for a train arriving in Peterborough.|And where will you be leaving from?
I'll be leaving Cambridge on Sunday.|I have train TR1086 that leaves at 16:06 and will have you in Peterborough at 16:56. Would this work for you?
Yes, that will be fine can you get me a ticket?|How many tickets will you need?
I need 7 tickets.|I've booked you 7 tickets on the TR1086. Your reference is IJ6ZQ2GF and the total fee of 92.4 GBP is payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
I am also looking for a place to stay.|sure, in what area of town?
Find me an expensive moroccan restaurant please.|i haven't found any, maybe a less expensive one?
Did you check the east area?|i haven't found any in the east too
How about expensive indian food in the east area?|Yes, there's pipasha restaurant and sitar tandoori.
Can you give me the postal code and phone number for Pipasha restaurant?|Sure! The phone number is 01223577786 and the postcode is cb58pa. Can be of any further help?
Great can I also get a train on monday heading to broxbourne|Yes and where will you be departing from and what time would you like to arrive or leave?
Actually, I'm departing from broxbourne and heading into cambridge. I'd love to arrive by 12:30 on Monday|TR0559 leaves Monday at 09:32 and arrives in Cambridge by 10:32 on Monday. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes!  Book for 8 people, please.|I've booked you 8 tickets for train TR0559 departing Broxbourne at 9:32 on Monday. THe cost is 143.19 GBP. YOur reference number is B87U1BOH. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all I need, thank you very much.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Goodbye
I am looking for a train on sunday that will leave after 17:30|Where will you be traveling from and to?
I am leaving Leicester and going to Cambridge.|TR9320 will leave at 18:09 and arrive at 19:54. Can I book that for you?
Please do, I will need this for 6 people. Can I also have the reference number as well?|Booking was successful and your reference number is 0RKJ93UG. Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need a place to stay. I'm looking for a 3 star place in the expensive price range.|There are two gonville hotel at the centre and the lensfield hotel in the south, which one do you prefer?
I prefer the gonville.|Would you like me to book you at the gonville?
Yes please. Remember there are 6 people. It should be at least 3 stars and expensive.|How long would you like to stay?
Just 1 night would be perfect.  Thank you.|Before booking the hotel I need to know how many days will you stay?
Perhaps I can book it. I will just need the postcode|The postcode is cb11ly. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that is all. Thank you for the help?|You are very welcome. Have a great stay.
Hi, I'm looking for a train arriving in Cambridge by 21:15.|Can you tell me where you will be departing from and what day you would like to travel?
Sure, I'll be leaving from Norwich.  Oh, and I'd like to travel on Friday please.|I would recommend TR9589 which leaves Norwich at 19:16 and arrives in Cambridge at 20:35.
Okay great. Can you help me make a booking for 6 people please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 105.6 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 2CUTCPH6. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a play to stay in the east in the moderate price range|I will look that up for you,do you want a hotel ?
Yes, with a star of 4 please.|I do not have any 4 star hotels in the east.  Would you like to try another area or maybe go with a price range in the East?
Oh my. Are there any moderate-price guesthouses in the east with 4 stars?|Yes, I found three. I would recommend Carolina Bed and Breakfast it is moderately priced and located in the East. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please book 6 people for 2 nights beginning friday|You are booked as requested, the reference number is 5ROZN3ZO, any further questions?
Great!! That's all for now. Thank you so much.|thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I need a Friday train, to arrive by 19:30.|there are many trains! where are you coming from?
I am heading to Broxbourne from Cambridge.|Is there a certain time you would like to leave?
No, I just know that I need to arrive by 19:30.|TR2436 will arrive in Broxbourne at 19:01. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
yes please for four people|I have you booked on train TR2436 for 4 people, your reference number is UGROZAQ1.  71.59 is payable at the station, can I help with anything else?
Yes, I am looking for an expensive restaurant to dine at earlier the same day.|Did you have a particular type of cuisine you were looking for?
I am flexible on the cuisine. But I would like something in the centre of town that is expensive.|I recommend Fitzbillies Restaurant.  It is an expensive restaurant in the centre that serves British cuisine.  Would you like to make a reservation?
book for the same group of people at 12:45 on the same day|I will book it for you and get a reference number
I'm looking for a halal restaurant with moderate prices.|Sorry, I could not find any restaurants matching that description.
What about a different moderately priced restaurant in the east?|I have 3 that fit your request.  Curry prince, rajmahal, and pizza hut fen ditton.  Are you interested in any of these?
Yes I would like Curry Prince.|May I book that then for you?
Yes, please. Can you book a table on Sunday for 5 people at 12:45?|I am sorry but there are no tables available. Would you like to try a different day or time?
Go ahead and try to book it for 11:45 please.|I was able to book Curry Prince at 11:45.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes starting at 11:45.  Reference number: MOVT28V6.
I am also looking for a train leaving peterborough on the same day, can you help with that?|Yes, I can. What is your destination?
I want to go to cambridge.|Sure. There are many trains that day. What time of day would you like to travel?
I need to arrive by 08:45.|Train TR7483 leaves Cambridge at 17:48 and arrives at 18:38, would you like me to book it for you?
I actually need to arrive by 08:45.|There is a train TR5662 that arrives at 8:09 would you like me to book it for you?
I need to get to Cambridge, can you confirm that this train is leaving from peterborough?|Yes train TR5662 leaves from Peterborough at 07:19 on Sunday and arrives at Cambridge by 08:09
Okay lets book that train!|I can go ahead and get this booked for you, how many tickets will you be needing for the train?
I will need tickets for everyone at the dinner reservation. Can I also please have a reference number?|I was able to book 5 tickets for you. Your reference number is D0ONJ5MT. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
no, that's all thank you|Have a great day!
I am looking for information in Cambridge|Sure, I can help you with all kinds of information. What do you need to know?
Are there any good parks to visit in the west?|Sorry, no parks in the west.
hmm, what about a college?|Yes, there are 5 colleges in the west! Some are free and some have a small fee. Would you be interested in one of those?
Sure, just pick one, please? I'll need the entrance fee and phone number.|churchill college would suit your needs. The phone number is 01223336233 and the entrance fee is free.
I also need a train to Cambridge.|Is there a date and time that you would prefer?
Yes, on Monday and I need to leave after 16:15.|Ok wonderful, what will be your departure location?
I'll be leaving from Kings Lynn.|Okay the TR0415 leaves at 17:11 and arrives by 17:58.
Please book me 1 ticket for the TR0415.|Your train has been booked and your reference number is UXYKEGNB. May I help you with anything else?
That's it! Thank you for your help!|Sure, any time!
Hello, I'm looking for the Jesus Green Outdoor Pool, could you help me with more information?|Sure! That pool is located between victoria road and the river in postcode cb43px. That's on the north side of town. Their phone number is 01223302579.
That's great. Is there an entrance fee?|Unfortunately we are unaware of whether there is an entrance fee for this particular location. May I help with anything more?
I am also looking for a train to take me from Cambridge to Ely.|There are 70 trains that go to Ely from Cambridge. Do you have a particular day and time you would prefer?
Yes I need to travel on Friday, but I can't leave until after 13:30.|i have 6 trains that meet your criteria. what actual time did you have in mind for departure?
Whatever the first train is that leaves after 13:30.|We can book you for the train leaving at 13:50.
That will work great. Can you book me 6 tickets please?|Okay, I have booked 6 tickets for Train TR5484 leaving at 13:50. The total fee is 26.4 GBP, and your reference number is 66ULRJSS. Can I help with anything else?
No. I think that's all I need. Have a good day. Bye.|Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre!
We want to explore a park in Cambridge.|We have 5 parks. Do you have a certain area in mind?
I would like it to be in the south part of town. Please provide their phone number, postcode, and entrance fee. Thanks.|You can visit Wandlebury country park. The address is wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham and the post code is cb223ae.
What is the phone number and how much does it cost to get in ?|There is no entrance fee. The phone number is 01223243830. Is there anything else you need?
I also need a train that will depart from cambridge and should go to london kings cross.|How about train TR5767 that leaves at 05:00 on Friday?
No, that doesn't work for me. I need a train that leaves after 11:00 on Wednesday|Train TR9781 leaves at 11:00 on Wednesday would you like me to book that train for you?
Yep I only need one ticket and the reference number please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 23.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : Q7Q9W4IN. is there anything else i can help you with?
No thanks. That's all I needed.|Okay, let us know if you need anything else.
That was all thanks for your help today.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I am looking for a train departing Bishops Stortford and going to Cambridge.|I can definitely help with that. There are a lot of trains to choose from. Did you have a travel day and time in mind?
I would like to leave on Sunday sometime after 15:15.|TR4651 departs at 15:29 and arrives at 16:07. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, two tickets please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.16 GBP payable at the station. The Reference number is: SDRN9BTG.
Great, thanks. I am also looking for a hotel in town. I would need free wifi, but I don't care about parking.|How about a and b guest house?
I am looking for something in the 2 star range. Is that 2 stars?|The A and B actually has 4 stars. There are 3 accommodations with 2 stars, though. They are all hotels, rather than guesthouses. Would one of those be to your liking?
Yes, please.  A hotel with 2 stars with free wifi is fine.|There are three choices. Would you like a list or to make a reservation at the top choice?
Which one is the best that offers free wifi and free parking and can I get their address please?|Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is in the expensive range and offers free wifi and free parking, would you like me to make a reservation for this hotel?
No reservation at this time but I would like the address please.|The address is 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. Can I help you find anything else today?
That should be all for today.  Thank you.|Thank you for using our system!
Hi, I'm looking for a train to Stevenage.|There are several.  When do you plan on leaving?
I would like to leave sometime after 11:00 on tuesday.|There are 7 trains with that criteria.  All of them are leaving from Cambridge, leaving after 11.  Is there a certain time you would like to arrive by?
I would like the train that leaves as close to 11:15 as possible please.|I have one that leaves at 11:21. How many tickets please?
I want to make a booking for 5 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 64 GBP payable at the station.  Your reference number is 5DHIPIME.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I would like to find out information about the scott polar museum.|The Scott Polar Museum is located on Lensfield Road at the city centre, their phone number is 01223336540. It is free to see. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, what type of museum is the Scott Polar Museum?  Should I call the museum for more information on the attraction type?|Yes, you should call the Scott Polar Museum for more information.
Ok, thank you for your help.|It's my pleasure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's it. Thank you.|Thank you for using our system.
I need a place to eat in the moderate price.|We have lots of options in that price range. Is there a particular type of food you're interested in?
I would love to find a place that serves Irish food!|I don't have any Irish places listed.  Is there another type of food you would like to try?
How about international food?|Yes, I would recommend Bloomsbury Restaurant.  Would you like some information on it?
Please book a table for 7 at 15:30 on Wednesday and provide the reference number. I also need a train leaving Thursday and arrive by 13:15.|The restaurant booking number is 47559FUX, as far as the train, where is your destination?
i want to go from cambridge to london kings cross.|TR3433 will get you to London Kings Cross at 11:51. Would you like me to book passage, or would you like additional information?
please make a booking for the same group of people.|What day shall I book your train ticket?
Thursday and for 7 people, I will also need to reference number.|The reference number for your train reservation is TR3433.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all for today! Thanks for your help!|Not a problem. Thank you for choosing us for your needs!
Yes I need a train on Thursday to go to Cambridge.|Where would you like to leave from?
Sorry, I am leaving peterborough.|What is the day of travel?
Thursday, and it should arrive by 13:30.|We have many trains that match your request, is there a specific time you want to leave by?
I don't want to get there too early. What is the train  that will get me there nearest to 13:30.|TR3798 gets there at 13:09.
That's perfect I think. Please reserve 7 tickets for my group, and let me know the reference number when you have one.|Okay great! Your reference number is EOQ7QISL, is there anything else you need?
I will be in the north part of town. I'm looking for a place to go. I might even want to go swimming. Any suggestions?|I have 2 pools in the north.  I think you may like Jesus Green outdoor pool.  Would you like their information?
Yes. Can I have the postcodes, phone numbers, and addresses?|The Jesus Green outdoor pool's phone number is 01223302579, postcode is cb43px and the address is between victoria road and the river. May I provide any further assistance?
No, you have helped tremendously.  Thank you.|Thank you! Have a good day. Good bye.
I need to find a place to hang out at a college in Cambridge.|Any specific area in mind?
In the centre would be great!|There are several colleges in the centre where you can hang out.  Most of them have free entrance fees.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you pick one and get me the postcode, address on phone number?|I recommend downing college located on regent street. The postcode is cb21dq and their phone number is 01223334860. Anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train departing from cambridge and should leave after 12:30.|May I ask you for more information regarding the train?
I'll be going to London Liverpool street on Sunday.|TR2141 leaves Cambridge on Sunday at 13:59 and arrives at London Liverpool Street at 15:57. Are you interested in me booking this for you?
Yes, that sounds ideal. Will you please book for 8 passengers, please.|Your train has been booked. The total fee is 106.24 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is ZAPBD0P6. Can I assist you any further?
No thank you, you have been helpful.|I'm happy to hear that. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day.
I need some recommendations for attractions in Cambridge at the centre, what would you suggest?|Is there a specific type of attraction you are most interested in?  The centre has many different kinds of attractions from museums to theaters.  Do you have a preference?
No, I don't have a preference. May I please have some suggestions?|If you're in the mood for boating there is The Cambridge Punter at 251a Chesterton Road, or maybe a movie? The Vue Cinema is at Grafton Centre, East Road.
Could you also provide me with the postcodes for these establishments?|Yes All Saints Church is at jesus lane and is free
I am hoping you can help me find a train departing from Cambridge on Saturday.|There are over 200 trains available, do you have a specific destination in mind or a time you'd like to leave by?
I would like to leave on saturday around 13:15 going to london liverpool street.|There are 6 trains that meet your requirements, the closest in time being the TR4466. It leaves at 13:59. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, can you book spots on that for 5 people and give me the reference number please?|Sure thing! You are booked with reference number 8V36RBY3. The total is 66.39 payable at the station.
Thanks. I'm also looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves european food.|I have many. What price range would you prefer?
I don't have one, could you recommend me a good place?|I would recommend Galleria, they have excellent food. Would you like me to book a table?
Maybe. What is the price range?|The galleria is a moderate priced restaurant. Would you like me to make a booking for you today?
No, I'm sure they'll have tables if I just walk in. Can you give me their address and postcode?|Their address is 33 Bridge Street and their postcode is cb21uw. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thanks. I need to go. Have a good day. Bye.|It was a pleasure helping you today. Have a great trip!
Please help me find a train which will arrive in Cambridge on Monday.|Where would you be departing from and what time would you like to travel?
I am travelling from Kings Lynn after 11:30|I recommend TR5091 for the quickest travel after 1130. Can I book this trip for you?
I want to book for 2 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 19.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : VC9DZEG8.  Is there anything else I can help with today?
Yes, actually. Can you tell me about City Stop Restaurant?|Well, they serve european food and are located in the north. The price range is on the expensive side. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
What area is it located in please?|City Stop Restaurant is in the North area?
Ok, thank you!|Would you like me to make a reservation for you at city stop restaurant? Just tell me how many are in your party, and what day and time.
No thanks I just needed to know the area, thank you for your help.|Is there anything else you need help with today?
No, that is all I need help with. Thank you very much!|Thank You. Goodbye
Looking for a place to go to in the centre area, a type of college.|Excellent! There are 13 places that might work. How about Downing College on Regent Street? It has free entrance.
Sounds great! Can I have their postalcode and phone number please?|No problem. Their postal code is cb21dq and their phone number is 01223334860. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I like to find a train that goes to broxbourne.|I can help you with that. Where will you be leaving from?
I will be leaving from Cambridge and will need to arrive by 10:30|I recommend TR2519 leaving at 09:01 and arriving at 10:01.  Would you like me to book that train for you?
Is that the schedule for Friday? That's when I need to travel. If so, please book 8 tickets for me?|You are booked on train TR2519 for 8 on Friday.  The total fee  is 143.19 GBP payable at the station and your reference number is LDDIXALA.
Thank you so much! Goodbye now!|You're very welcome!  Enjoy your travels!  Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
Hi there. Can you help me find a museum in the west part of town?|Yes there are many. Do you have a preference for type?
As long as it's a museum in the west, I'm happy.  Can you pick one and give me the postcode?|cafe jello gallery is a museum in the west. Its postcode is cb30af.
Thank you. I am also hoping to book a train to Cambridge from Ely.|What day and time would you like to travel?
I need to leave for Ely sometime after 8:30 on Saturday.|I have the TR3177 train leaving at 09:50 on Sunday, would that work?
I actually need to leave on Saturday. Is there something leaving at a similar time?|How about TR0718? It leaves at 09:50.
That would be perfect, can you book that for one and give me the reference number please?|Okay I've done that for you. Your reference number INEQVBMN.
That is all I need today. Thank you for all of your help.|You're quite welcome, have a lovely day! Enjoy Cambridge!
Thank you, have a good day!|its been our pleasure to serve you.
I am looking for a nightclub in the town centre.|There are five nightclubs I can show you. How about the Ballare at lion yard?
Can you tell me what the entrance fee is for Ballare? I also need the address.|address is heidelberg gardens, lion yard.  entrance fee is 5 pounds
Thanks for the info. Can you also tell me if there are any trains on Saturday that leave after 11:15?|Yes, there are trains that leave after 11:15.
Thanks, Are there trains that depart from Cambridge?|Certainly, there are 134, do you have an arrival time in mind?
No, but I need to leave after 11:15.|To help narrow it down, what is your destination and what day will you be leaving?
I am going to stansted airport and need to leave on Saturday.|TR3373 meets your criteria and arrives by 12:08. Would you like to book it?
Yes I need to book for 8 people and get the reference number please.|Great the reference number is 7LIC35YA.
Thank you! That's all I need today. I appreciate your help!|You are quite welcome! Have a safe flight!
Hello, I'd like some information on a restaurant today.|I am here to help, should I run a search or do you already have a place in mind?
Yes, I would like somewhere that serves mediterranean cuisine and is located in the centre.|Okay, there are a few options. What is your price range?
I don't have a particular price range in mind but would prefer something in the mid to low range|The gardenia is cheap, can I book you or provide some info?
What is the phone number and postcode for The Gardenia? I also need help finding a train leaving from Norwich on Wednesday.|01223356354. Is there anything else?
I just need the reference number, please.|If you would like me to make you a reservation I will need to know what time you would like to dine and for how many people.
What is the post code and price range for that place to eat?|cb23ll, it is in the cheap range.
Thanks, and I'll need 2 tickets on a train. I'll be heading from Norwich to Cambridge on Friday, and I need to arrive by 09:00.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 35.2 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : T2N33CQB.
Would you like to make a reservation for the restaurant?|Haha, that is funny. I am the clerk so why would I need a reservation. But, is there anything else I can help you with? A restaurant possibly?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you so much.|Glad I could be of help. Have a great day!
I need to take a train to here from Broxbourne, this will be on saturday.|I have 19 trains from Cambridge to Broxbourne on Saturday. What time are you wanting to arrive by?
The train should leave after 08:00|how about train 1997? It leaves at 09:01.
Oh, I am so sorry. I will be leaving Broxbourne, not Cambridge.|No problem!  What time would you like to leeave by?
I want to leave after 8:00, please.|TR9384 leaves Broxbourne at 8:32.
That would be great. Can you book me for 8 tickets?|Your Booking was successful, the total fee is 114.56 GBP payable at the station .   The Reference number is EFGWY22I.  Can I assist with anything else.
I am also looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the expensive price range.|Did you have a specific kind of food in mind?
Yes, hopefully Korean.  I love it.|I can recommend little Seoul.
Sounds great can I get the address?|The address for Little Seoul is 108 Regent Street City Centre
No thank you that will be all|You're welcome, have a great day!
I want a train from cambridge to bishops stortford.|I see several options for trains from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford. What day and time would you like to depart?
Wednesday, with an arrival time by 13:30 in Bishops Stortford.|The closest arrival time I can get for you is 12:07 on train TR8224. Would you like to book some tickets?
Yes, 7 tickets, please. And I'll need the reference number.|Great, I've book your tickets, your reference number is HE1L803E. Anything else I can do for you?
I'm looking to go to a college in the centre of town. Can you recommend something for me?|There are 13 colleges in the centre. Is there something specific you're looking for?
Nothing specific, just give me the first one that pops up.  I'll need the phone number, entrance fee and postcode please.|Christ's College is located in the centre of town. Entrance is free, phone number is 1223334900, and post code is cb23bu. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank You. That's it.|Thank you for using our service.  Have a wonderful day.
Book me a train from bishops stortford that arrives by 18:30.|OK, the TR0201 arrives at 18:07. Would you like to book that?
I need the train to leave on tuesday and go to cambridge.|There are no trains on Tuesday.
are you sure? i need to leave tuesday.|Yes I am sure. Can you change your criteria?
No, I can not do that.|I have a train on Tuesday that arrives at 18:07. I believe that would suffice?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|I can do that for you. Can you tell me how many tickets you need to book?
I need to book it for 5 people.|Your booking on TR1772 was successful. The reference number is YV3K20RP. The total fee of 50.5 is payable at the station.
Also looking for place to go in the west. I need the postcode, address and entrance fee.|There are a lot of great places to go in the west - museums, colleges, entertainment venues - what would you like to do?
Would you choose an entertainment venue for me? Museums and colleges seem so boring. I will need the address, postcode and entrance fee, please.|The only entertainment venues that I can find are colleges in the West. Is there another area you would like me to search?
Colleges are find, can you recommend one and give me the postcode, address and entrance fee?|I recommend Clare Hall. It is free admission, and the address is Herschel Road, CB39AL.
That is great, thanks for your help.|You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I think I have everything I need.|Thank you for calling. Have a great day and a fantastic trip to Cambridge. Goodbye.
Hello, I am looking to book a train departing from Cambridge going to Bishops Stortford.|What is your departure day and time?
I'll be leaving Saturday after 19:45.|I have train TR1159 that departs at 21:29 and will arrive by 22:07. Would that be something that would work for you?
Book it for 8 please and i need the reference number.|I have booked that and your reference number is 69TDODDN.
I am also looking for swimming pools I can visit.|Abbey pool and astroturf pitch looks good, would you like to get some information about that?
Yes, what area is it located in?|It is located in the east, would you like any more information on this or more help with something else?
That's all I need for now. Thanks for your help.  Goodbye!|Sounds good! Have a wonderful day!
I'd like to find a train arriving in peterborough by 8:00.|There are daily departures from Cambridge at 07:06 that arrive in Petersborough at 07:56.  Which day were you planning to travel?
I am planning to travel on Thursday.|There are daily departures from Cambridge at 07:06 that arrive in Petersborough at 07:56. Would you like to book tickets?
Yes, I'll need 4 tickets please.|Your Booking was successful, the total fee is 66 GBP payable at the station .The reference number is : ZW9TAO4I.
Great, thanks! That's all I needed.|You are quite welcome. Have a good day.
Hello! Can you recommend a 4-star hotel in the Centre of town, please?|I heaar university arms hotel is nice.
What's the price? I need something in cheap range.|Yes it is very affordable and has 4 stars. Would you like me to make reservations for you?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|Have a great time!
Hey! Trying to locate a train that goes to broxbourne and would leave right after 17:45.|I can help with that! What day would you like to depart?
I would like to leave on Tuesday please.|The TR5484 leaves at 18:01 and arrives by 19:01. Will that work for you?
Yes, I need 2 tickets.|You're all set. The fee will be 35.79 GBP and you can pay at the station. Your reference number is HZ0I8VML. Do you need anything else?
Yes I also need information on downing college.|Noone in the center appears to b open. You would be more than pleased with Jesus College which is and is beautiful.
I'm really interested in Downing College. Can you tell me the area, address, and fee for that one?|Downing College is located in the centre, located on Regent Street. The postcode is cb21dq. The entrance fee is free. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that will be all. Thanks. Good bye.|Thanks for using our services today. Glad I was able to help have a nice day.
I am planning a trip to Cambridge and I am looking for a train can you help out?|That's not a problem. Where will you be going to?
Stansted Airport, I will need the train to leave after 10:15 please.|Can you tell me what day you need the train and for how many people?
I need the train on Saturday and I am booking for 4 people.|The TR6310 train departs Stansted Airport for Cambridge at 10:24. Will that work for you?
That is perfect. I am also looking for a place to stay. Can you help me with that, as well?|Certainly. What part of town do you prefer?
I'm sorry, there's been a mistake. I need to book a train from cambridge to stansted airport. The train must leave after 10:15. I need four tickets.|I have a 10:40 and every hour after that. Would you like me to book it?
Yes please. Can I get the reference number for that booking?|I can most definitely give you the reference number once the booking is complete. How many tickets would you be needing?
Like I said, I need four tickets.|Sure, I have booked four tickets for cambridge to stansted airport saturday, your reference number is YONURJSX. May I help with anything else?
I will also need a place to stay. A cheap guesthouse.|There are several guesthouses that are cheap. What area would you like it to be in?
I need it for 4 people for 2 nights starting Thursday, if that fails one night.  I don't care the area but I will need the reference number.|sorry unfortunately that is not available perhaps for another day?
Is there another cheap guesthouse available? I need it to be booked for Thursday.|I was able to do a 1 night booking at Finches Bed and Breakfast for 4 starting on Thursday. Reference number DKZG9AWZ. Any else I can assist you with?
That is everything. Thanks for the help.|You are very welcome. I am happy to help anytime. Have a wonderful day.
I'm looking for a hotel in the east, and it doesn't need to include internet.|I can help with that! How much money are you looking to spend?
It doesn't matter|I have several available.  Do you want a hotel or guesthouse?
A guesthouse please.  I'd like wifi also.|Okay. I have several in different price ranges. Would you like me to recommend one to you?
Can you suggest one?|Yes, I recommend the Autumn House. It is cheap and it has 4 stars. Would you like their information?
No, that's all the info I need. Can you book some rooms for me?|Of course I can help!  What day do you want to check in?
Please book for 7 people, 4 nights and starting on Saturday.|Reference number is : E0BD9V4Y. Is there anything else?
I'm also looking for a train. The train should leave on wednesday and should depart from cambridge.|There are many trains which depart daily from Cambridge-what is the destination to which you will be traveling?
I'm headed to Bishops Stortford. I'd like to leave Cambridge after 9:45.|train ID  TR3262 leaves at 19:29 and arrives at 20:07. will that suit you?
that is fine. book for 7 people please|your all set reference is IPFTBLLM, the cost is 70.7 payable at the station, anything else?
no that will be all thanks for everything, you have been great!|Thank you for contacting us have a great day.
I need a restaurant. I've heard Nandos recommended, could you give me more information about it?|Nandos, a portugese restaurant, is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way
What is the phone number?|The phone number for nandos south is 01223327908. Can I help you with anything else today?
No that takes care of it|Have a good day!
I need a train that leaves this Thursday from Cambridge to Ely.|I have 10 trains to Ely Thursday, leaving on the :50 every two hours from 05:50 to 23:50. Did you have a particular time in mind?
I need to leave after 17:45 so anytime after that would be great.|I have train TR7355 from Cambridge departing at 17:50 and arriving in Ely at 18:07. Would this train work for you or would you like a later departure?
That's great. I'll need 3 tickets, please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 13.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : WDETDX35.
I apologize this train is going to broxbourne from cambridge. for 3 people are you able to book that?|Sure, do you still need the train on Thursday after 17:45?
Yes, that's Broxbourne to Cambridge on Thursday, leaving after 17:45.|When would you like to arrive?
Sorry. I really need to be leaving from Cambridge to go to Broxbourne, leaving after 17:45 on Thursday. Arrival time doesn't matter.|How about TR9890? It departs Cambridge at 18:01 and arrives in Broxbourne at 19:01. It is 17.90 pounds per ticket. Would you like to book that one?
Yes, please. I will need the reference number when you are finished.|Your booking was a success. The total fee for 3 tickets is 53.70 GBP, payable at the station, and your reference number is TSUJXVYU. Is there anything else I can do?
No that will do , cheers.|Thank you, good bye.
I am  traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.|We have over 100 restaurants to choose from. Do you have a food preference?
No, not really, but it's nice to know I have a lot of choices. I'm also looking into booking a train to Cambridge.|I can help you with train information into Cambridge. Where are you departing from?
I'm leaving from Stansted airport. I need to leave after 10:15 on Wednesday.|We have a train leaving at 10:24. Would you like to book tickets?
Yes, please, I need 7 tickets.|Your reservation for 7 tickets on the TR0467 train was successful. Your Reference number is : HDT6N9D9.
Thank you for your help.|Your reservation for 7 tickets on the TR0467 train was successful. Your Reference number is HDT6N9D9  Anything else I can help you with ?
Thanks! I am looking for a restaurant called travellers rest. I want to make a reservation there|I can help you with that, however I need to know what day and time, as well as how many people will be in your party.
It should be for wednesday at 17:45 and 7 people please|Your booking was successful and your reference number is 79UL6EX4.
Thank you so very much.|No problem, may I assist with anything else?
That is all for now. Thanks!|You're very welcome and we hope you enjoy your stay.
I want a train leaving on thursday.|Where are you departing from and what is your destination?
should depart from stansted airport and arrive by 08:00 at cambridge|I have the TR6437 leaving at 07:24 and arriving at 07:52. Would you like me to book that for you?
make a booking for 7 people and could I get the reference number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.7 GBP payable at the station Reference number is : DMXYQFPZ. Is there anything else you need today?
No that will be all thank you!|I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge, have a great day!
I'm interested in doing something touristy in the centre, where should I stop first?|there are several college, churches and museums in that area
Those all sound interesting. Do you have any recommendations?|How about the whipple museum of the history of science located at free school lane. Their entrance fee is free.
Sure, can I have the postcode?|Certainly the post code is cb23rh. Can I assist you with anything else?
I need information about a train on Sunday, leaving after 11:45.|And can you tell me your departure site please?
I am leaving from Cambridge.|the tr7447 leaves at 13:00
That sounds great. Do they have 7 tickets available? If they do reserve the tickets and I need the reference number.|Reference number is : ZHM8KDQA. Do you need anything else?
No. Thanks for your help. You have been really nice.|You are welcome.  Have a nice time in Cambridge.  Goodbye.
Yes I am looking for a train that is leaving monday to leicester|What time would you like your train to depart?
I need it to arrive by 12:15. I don't know how long the ride is?|Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from cambridge.|There is a train that leaves at 9:21 and will arrive by 11:06 would you like me to book it?
Yes, for 3 people please.|Booking was successful the total is 113.4GBP and can be paid at the station. Your reference number is EKI0YZF7.
Can you also give me some information on museums in the east area? I need postcode and phone numbers.|I have 4 different ones. The best in that area is the Cambridge Artworks. It's located at 5 greens road. Their postcode is cb13ef. They offer free admission also.
That sounds great. Could you give me their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223902168.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No thanks, that will be all.|Great. Have a fantastic time! Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I am looking for a train to cambridge.|Alright, what day are you looking to travel?
I want to travel this Sunday, please.|Okay, and what time do you want to leave?
I need to leave after 19:15.|I have several trains that meet that criteria, where are you departing from?
I will be leaving london kings cross.|TR1681 will be departing london kings cross at 19:17, would you like to reserve a seat?
Yes, thank you. Can you book it for 3 people and provide the reference number for me?|There we go, all set. The reference number is AM5KZM91.
Marvelous. I am all set to go now. Thank you for your help. Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!
I 'm looking for a theatre in town.|What part of town were you interested in?
It doesn't matter what part of town, If you have one you would recommend and let me know the entrance fee, that would be great.|The Cambridge Arts Theatre is located in the centre area.  However, the entrance fee is currently unavailable.
What does "currently unavailable" mean?|Not Available means I am not able to see the price of the entrance fee.  Unfortunately all the theatre's are hiding there fee's.  Anything else I can do?
I also need a train going from Cambridge to Peterborough on Sunday.|Can you tell me if there is a time you want to leave by or arrive by?
I need to leave on Sunday and arrvie by 14:16.|OKay I will work on looking this up for you.
There will be 8 of us traveling, by the way.|train tr9327 leaves at 13:06 and gets you there by 13:56. I have booked you 8 tickets. Reference number is : ZKGGRI1B Anything else I can do?
No, thank you. That's all I need this morning.|Have a nice day, goodbye.
Can you help me find a place to stay that is moderately priced and includes free parking?|Is there a certain side of town you would like to stay on?
No preference in area, just need to make sure that it also has wifi.|i have 14 results matching your criteria. how many star rated should it be?
No preference on star rating. It needs to be in a hotel, not a guesthouse. What do you recommend?|I'd recommend ashley hotel. Would you like a room?
Yes, that would be great. I'll need to stay starting on Saturday. It will be for five nights and eight people.|Your reservation has been made. Reference number is P1FII4X8.
Thanks! I also need a train departing Cambridge to Kings Lynn on Thursday. I want to arrive by 11:15. Can you help?|TR7618 arrives at 10:58. Is that okay for you?
Yes, can you please make a reservation for 8 people? And can I get a reference number to give everyone? Thanks!|I was able to book you for 8 tickets.  The reference number is : VBE2BLHO.  Is there anything else you need today?
No, that's all I need. Thanks!|Ok great. Have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for a nightclub in downtown Cambridge.|I have several, is there a price you would like to keep entrance fee under?
I don't really care. Can you suggest a place? And give me a postcode for the one you suggest please.|Soul Tree Nightclub is nice and has a 4 pounds entrance fee. The postcode is cb23qf. Can I help with anything else?
I'm also looking for a train. I need to depart from cambridge and arrive by 19:15.|There are many trains that fit your criteria. Is there a destination to narrow the search?
I would like to go to Kings Lynn on Monday.|There are many trains that day. I Have one that that gets in at 17:58, would you like me to book it?
That works for me. Book it for 2 people and I need the reference number.|Okay, I have booked your train ticket from Cambridge to Kings Lynn. Your reference number is RX3523989.
That's everything. Thank you.|You are very welcome and have a good night.
I'm looking for information on Broughton house gallery.|Certainly! It's a museum in the centre at 98 king street cb11ln with free entrance. Their phone number is 01223314960. May I help find anything else?
Is the cb11ln the postcode?|Yes, that's the postcode. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I need a train going to cambridge.|Okay, what day would you like to travel and where will you be leaving from?
I'll be leaving Leicester and I want to be in Cambridge by 11:30, please.|Of course. What day will you be traveling?
Sunday,can you book it for me and I need a reference number,please|Sure.  Just to confirm, how many seats will you need?
5, please. Include the reference number.|You will arrive at 10:54 the reference number is 69luuzq7
Thanks so much, that's all I need today.|I hope you have a great day, goodbye!
i am planning your trip in Cambridge|Are you planning a trip to Cambridge? If so, what type of information are you looking for today?
I want to know if the Worth House is still renting rooms.|Yes they are. Would you like to book a room?
yes book for 2 people and 3 nights from thursday|Booking was successful. Reference number is : WX6QA7D0.
Thanks. I also need to find a train to london liverpool street.|Where are you departing from, and what day? Is there a certain time you need to leave or arrive by?
I am leaving from Cambridge.|Since this is the cambridge help desk, I assumed that, I really need the date and time to get you booked.
Sure, you really should be more pleasant.  I need to get to London Liverpool Street on Wednesday by 20:45 please.|The TR1047 leaves Cambridge for London Liverpool Street Wednesday arriving at 07:27.  The price is 16.60 lbs. Can I book it for you?
Yes make the booking or me for 2 and provide the reference number.|Ok, I was able to make your reservation. Your total fee is 33.2 GBP. Your Reference number is : POE0NTR1.
Thank you very much. That is all the information I need.|Okay great! Have a great trip!
What do we have in Cambridge as far as British food?|I do not see any British restaurants in Cambridge but there appear to be several nearby.
Since I am only worried about Cambridge, lets check again for moderate priced british restaurants in the centre area|I have 4 moderately priced British restaurants.  The Oak Bistro is really good, would you like a reservation?
Yes.  Please book it for 8 people on Monday at 16:45.|Yes your reservation was successful! Your reference number is SG2ICMM6.
I also need to get a train on the same day as the restaurant booking|I need to narrow this down a bit.  Where will you be departing from and where will be your destination?
i'm leaving from norwich and going to cambridge.|How about train TR1347 that leaves at 06:16?
Does it arrive by 10:45?|It arrives at 7:35.
Okay can I book that for 8 people?|Okay, your booking was successful! Your reference number is 70HPP0C2
That is all I need today. Thank you for your help!|OK, thank you for choosing to stay in Cambridge!
I'm looking for a train that leaves Wednesday and arrives by 9:30.|Where is your departure from?
Oh, sorry coming in from Kings Lynn|I have train TR4638 from Kings Lynn to Cambridge departing at 8:11 and arriving at 8:58. Would that work for you?
May I make a booking for six people?|I have successfully booked your tickets. 58.8 GBP is payable at the station. The reference number is WGS360AQ
Great. Thank you.|Have a great day!
Hi there. I am looking for a train out of Cambridge.|What is your desired destination?
My desired destination is Norwich.|There are many trains for Norwich, do you have a specific date and time you'd like to leave?
Friday after 18:15. I will need 4 tickets. Please send me a reference number too.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : CLBJ6WLI. Anything else?
I need a hotel that is moderately priced. I do not want a guesthouse.|There are three. Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge in the north are 2 stars and Cityroomz hotel in the centre is 0 stars. Do you have a preference?
Is there anything with 3 stars?|There is not. Would you be willing to try a different price range?
Yeah, lets try expensive places.|The gonville hotel meets your needs! Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please for the same group of people on tuesday.|How many days would you like to stay?
I'd like to stay for 3 nights, please.|Alright, got you booked. Your reference number is: AL3YQFJ8. Anything else I can do for you today?
Nope that is all I need today. I appreciate your time! Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a place to stay.  Can you help me find a hotel?|Certainly. Is there an area of town or a price range you prefer?
I would like a guesthouse in the cheap price range with a rating of 0.|I have two options available for you. Do you care about parking?
No, parking is not an issue.  What do you think is the best option?|City centre north b and b is a good choice and close to a lot of attractions.  Shall I book for you?
Hi there. I need to book a train from Cambridge to Broxbourne.|Is there a day you need to leave? Do you have a time you need to leave or arrive?
I'm sorry, I actually need to travel from Broxbourne to Cambridge.   And yes, I actually do need to leave after 13:00 on Tuesday.|All right, the TR8199 train leaves at 13:32 on Tuesday. Would you like me to purchase tickets for you?
Yes, that would be great.  I need 8 seats.|Alright, I have your 8 tickets purchased for the TR8199 train. Your reference number is ZJ8KWJQ9. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I need.  Thanks.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Can you help me get a train going to Bishops Stortford?|Do you have a departing time or arriving time ?
I need to leave cambridge after 9:45 on thursday.|okay, the TR2929 leaves at 11:29 and arrives by 12:07. Would you like me to book tickets?
That sounds good. I need it for 4 people on thursday, please.|Your booking was successful and your reference number is TGDYE9A4. 40.40 GBP will be payable at the station. Can I do anything else for you?
Yes, please. I'm looking for a theatre in the centre.|Yes I have several. Would you like me to recommend one to you?
Yes that would be great, thank you|I'd recommend adc theatre. Would you like more information on it?
Yes, can you get me the entrance fee please.|I'm sorry, that information is not available to me.
Is there a number I can call to get the entrance fee information?|You can call them at 01223300085.  What else can I do for you?
What is the entrance fee?|The entrance fee is not listed so i encourage you to call to inquiry about the fee.
I am looking for a train leaving Cambridge.  I need to arrive by 18:45.|Okay and what is your destination and what day would you like to travel?
I want to go from Bishops Stortford to Cambridge on Sunday.|The TR5298 train arrives at 18:07. Would you like me to book it?
book for 5people and get me the reference number|You are all set the reference number is FH7BXL3F, the 5 tickets will come to 40.4 GBP.
Are there any attractions when we get there?|There are many fine attractions in Cambridge. If you don't care about the area, I recommend the Botanic Gardens in the center of town.
What about some kind of boating attraction?|There are 4 I recommend scudamores punting co it's located in the centre of town. Would that interest you?
Sure can you give me the postcode?|Sure, it's cb21rs.
Thanks, that is all for now. Goodbye.|I'm glad I could help.  Enjoy your visit.
I'm interested in finding a train to peterborough on Wednesday please|I can help!  What time are you looking to depart?
on wednesday by 8 15 please|Ok, I've got train TR3730 that leaves at 07:06 and would put you in Peterborough by 07:56. Would that work for you?
Yes that will work great can you book me 2 tickets?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 33 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : J7JWEILX.
Great, I'm also looking for a swimming pool in the north. Can you find me one?|There are 2 to choose from - Jesus Green Outdoor Pool and Kings Hedges Learner Pool. Which would you prefer?
Either is fine, I just need the postcode.|The postcode is cb43px.  Anything else.
No that takes care of all my needs for now. Thanks! Bye!|You are welcome. Glad I could help.
Can you help me find a train leaving Norwich after 13:30? Thanks.|I sure can. What day do you plan to travel?
Yes, I am traveling on Wednesday.|The TR1892 will get you there by 15:35, just one ticket then?
I need reservations for 7 people and I need the reference number.|I was able to get the tickets the fee is 123.20 gbp payable at the station and the reference number is BIBJ2DS0. Do you need anymore help today?
Thank you! I am also looking for places to go in the Centre part of town. Can you help me with that, please?|Sure thing, I would suggest the old schools.
What are the old schools? Do you mean colleges?|No, old schools is a tourist attraction in the centre. It's located on trinity lane and there's no charge to check it out.
What is the phone number please?|The phone number is 01223332320.
I guess I'll go call them. Thanks a lot. Bye.|Ok, have a great day!
I am looking for boating places can town, can you tell me if there are any available?|There is boating in the east, north, and in the centre. Do you have a preference?
No, i just want to know the entrance fee.|I'm sorry, I don't have any information on the entrance fees.  Would you like the phone numbers?
No, but can I get the postcode and address of the one in the East, please?|Camboats is found in the east. Their postcode is cb58sx and their number is 01223902112
I need the address as well please?|Their address is the plough, green end, fen ditton. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I need to catch a train to Cambridge for Sunday. I'll be departing from bishops stortford.|What time would you like to arrive?
I need to arrive by 21:30 please.|Okay! The latest one that you can take leaves at 19:29. Would you like me to book that for you?
What is the arrival time?|the train will arrive by 14:07 or earlier if you need.
I'll take the latest one. Please get me 6 ticketss|Your tickets have been booked. Your reference number is MNOJ7KDZ.
Thank you so much. I appreciate your help.|What else can I look up for you?
Nothing, that is all that I need. Thank you.|Thank you and have a wonderful day!
Hi, I'm going to visit Cambridge and am interested in finding a cheap restaurant that serves international type fare.|There is only one restaurant that fits what you are looking for and is called The Missing Sock. Would you like to book there?
Where in Cambridge is The Missing Sock located?|The Missing Sock is located at Finders Corner Newmarket Road, and their postcode is cb259aq. Would you like to reserve a table there?
Sure but can I also have the phone number as well?|Of course. It is 01223812660. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I would like a train that arrives at Cambridge at 17:30|Before we get to the train, you mentioned wanting to make a reservation at The Missing Sock. Would you like to do that?
No, I don't need a reservation there. I do need a train from cambridge on thursday. I'll be going to Norwich, and I need to get there by 17:30.|TR8604 will be arriving at norwich by 16:55 on Thursday. That is the closest to your requested time, would you like to book?
Yes please I would like to book.|Great how many tickets will you need?
I need 3 tickets please.|Your booking was successful.  The total is 52.8 GBP, payable at the train station.  Your reference number is R22NVXLA.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
that is it, thank you very much.|Thank you for using our service. Have a wonderful day!
I need help finding a train departing from Cambridge and going to Leicester. Can you help?|When would you like to travel?
I would like to go on Monday in the morning.|Train TR6105 leaves Cambridge to Leicester Monday morning at 6:21, would you like me to book this for you?
Oh, I need to change the day to Friday for the train to Leicester and it needs to arrive by 17:45.  Do you have something on that day?|TR0552 departs 15:21 and arrives in Leicester on Friday at 17:06. Would this suit you?
Yes please book it for 7 people and give me a reference number.|I've booked you 7 seats on the TR0552. Your reference is CQ3FE1GX and the fee of 264.59 GBP is payable at the station. Will that be all?
No, I also need to find a place to stay. I'm looking for a 3 star hotel.|I have 2 3 star hotels available, one in the centre and one in the south. Do you have a preference?
Hi, I could use some help with information on places to stay.|Yes, I can help with that. What area would you like to stay in and what is your price range?
The price range is on the expensive side and I would like if they provide free wifi and parking. I want the hotel to be located on the north side.|We don't have any hotels that fit your criteria. Would you like to search for something a little different instead?
Yes, I would like to find a hotel in the south.|The Lensfield Hotel at 53-57 lensfield road is a fabulous 3 star hotel that offers internet and parking. Would you like me to book you a room there?
That sounds perfect. I need it for 3 nights and 7 people will be staying starting Monday.|Okay, the booking was successful. The reference number is FGOM35JV.
Thanks. I am also looking for a train to Broxbourne from Cambridge.|When will you be traveling?
I am leaving on Thursday.|Did you have a specific departure or arrival time in mind?
I need to arrive by 18:00, please.|Train TR9531 leaves Cambridge at 16:01 and arrives in Broxbourne at 17:01. That is the last train of the day. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please. I need 7 tickets.|Your reference number is 4HRLU45B, is there anything else you need?
No, that's all I need from you, Thanks!|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I am looking for a restaurant called shanghai family restaurant.|Yes I have it here. They are in the centre of town, moderately priced. When would like to reserve a table for?
7 People at 19:15 and can we do that on monday?|Your reservation at shanghai family restaurant this monday at 19:15 for 7 people was successful. Your Reference number is : QH390F14.
Thank you for booking that for me.|My pleasure! anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a train leaving on Tuesday from Cambridge.|Where are you headed, and at what time of day?
I would like to get to Ely by 17:45, please.|Train TR4447 is available. It leaves at 15:50 and arrives by 16:07. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes please, I'll need it for 7 people|confirmation # is ttc5x0up, anything else today?
Thats everything thanks for the help|Terrific. I hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town that serves Mexican food.  Preferably, some place that is cheap to moderately priced. Are there any in that area?|I'm sorry, my system is not allowing me to look up Mexican Restaurants in the Center of town. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I'm not looking for a restaurant right now, I'm actually looking for a train. I need to go to cambridge from birmingham new street on Saturday after 15:15.|I have found 9 available trains. The first leaves at 15:40 and they leave every hour after that. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes the 15:40 sounds good. Can you book it for 5 people please?|Your booking was successful and the total fee is 300.39 GBP payable at the station. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Actually, could you get me some information about museums in the area?|We actually have 23 restaurants in town! Is there a certain area you'll be in?
I'm not looking for a restaurant, I want a museum. You can choose it.|How about the Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology, in the centre? Admission is free.
Great. Could you also get me their postcode?|The postcode is cb23dz. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you that's all that I needed today.|It was a pleasure to assist you.  Have a nice day.
I'm looking for a cheap place to stay that has free parking.|There are 10 cheap places to stay with free parking. Do you want particular area of town?
The area does not matter, but it should have a 4 star rating.|The alexander bed and breakfast fits your needs. Would you like me to book a room for how many days and guests/
Please book for 3 people for 5 nights, starting from Monday.|3 people staying at alexander bed and breakfast for 5 nights, starting monday. Your confirmation number is 53R0PQMZ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, i also need a train that departs from stevenage and goes to cambridge.|Which day and time would you like this for?
I want it for monday and to leave after 19:15|There is a train on Monday at 19:54.
Yes, please book it for 3 people|Your train booking at 19:54 was successful, the total fee is 38.4 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is : W0FCJ48S. Is there anything else i can help you with?
Thank you for your help.  That is all for today.  Have a great day!|Great. Let me know if you need any additional help.
I need  a train that leaves for Ely on Friday.|What time do you need to travel to Ely?
I need to arrive in Ely before 11:30. I would be leaving from Cambridge.|There are 3 trains that fit that criteria - is there a specific time you'd like to leave?
Yes, I would like to book a train that will arrive in Ely before 11:30.|TR8792 departs Cambridge at 9:50 and arrives in Ely at 10:07. Would you like a ticket on that train?
I also need a place to stay on the north side of town that includes free parking.|We have several guesthouses, one hotel and one lodge that meet that criteria.
Do any of them have 3 stars?|Yes, the Hamilton Lodge has only three stars. It is a guesthouse in the north part of town. Would you like me to book you here?
No, but I do need the address, postcode, and phone number.|Sure, The Hamilton Lodge is located at 156 Chesterton Road, cb41da.  You can call at 01223365664.  Is there anything else I can help with?
That is all I need. Thank you.|TR8792 is the latest departing train on Friday. It departs at 9:50 and arrives in Ely at 10:07. Do you want to depart earlier?
I didn't need a train. I have everything I needed now. Thank You for your help.|No problem. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I would like to take a train from Cambridge to Kings Lynn.|What day and time?
Leave after 17:00 on Sunday.|Train 8665 leaves Cambridge at 17:11 and arrives in Kings lynn at 17:58.  How does that sound?
Great. Please book it for 4 people.|I have booked that for you! The reference number is C63RMSDC and you will owe 31.36 at the station. Do you need anything else?
I would also line places to go that is entertainment and should be in the centre of town.|I'm sorry, there are no such places.  Can I change your search criteria?
Yes there is. I saw it in the pamphlet. Check again please.|I apologize. I have doubled checked and there is no entertainment venues in the centre. The entertainment venues that I do have are located in the east, south and west.
I'm quite sure that there are colleges in the centre of town. Can you ask a manager to help you look?|Okay there is the Christ's College located at Saint Andrew's Street and it's free.  Also Corpus Christi College, King's Parade cost 2 pounds.
I'm looking for a place to stay. Please list all hotels in the north that include free wifi.|I have two hotels that match that criteria, the Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge. They are both hotels.
Which one is cheap?|There are no hotels in the north in the cheap price range.  Both of these hotels are moderately priced.  Can I check another area for you?
None in the north that are cheap?|No, none of them are cheap in the north. Would you like to change your criteria?
Try a different area.|The Cambridge belfry is available in the west.
That sounds good can you book 8 people for 4 nights from thursday?|You're all set at The Cambridge Belfry. Your reference number is : LEMRQ8IA. Anything else I can assist you with today?
Actually yes, I need a train to Cambridge. Please get me one that arrives by 08:30|Where are you departing from?
Departing from Norwich. I need a booking for eight people.|What day did you want to travel?
On Thursday, please.|I have train TR0256 leaving at 5:16 and arriving at 6:35.
That will be great. Can you book me 8 tickets please?|Your booking was a success. Reference number is: NLA2CG5S and total fee is: 140.8 GBP.
I need to book a train.  I need it to leave on Sunday after 21:30.  Can you book this for me?|Where will you be departing from? And where is your destination?
I'd like to go from Norwich to Cambridge, please.|There are 2 trains leaving on Sunday. One leaves at 22:16 and arrives at 23:35 and the other leaves at 23:16 and arrives at 24:35. Do either of these work?
Yes. Go with the 22:16. Book it for 7 people please.|Booking was successful. The fee is 98.56 GBP and the reference number is MINORHOQ.
Great that's all I needed today, thank you!|You're welcome. It was a pleasure to assist you. Have a good day.
Hi, I am looking for architectural churches in the Cambridge area. Can you assist?|I have several churches listed, although none shown as architectural. May I offer a list for your consideration?
Yes that would be great.|It appears that there are not any located in Cambridge.  Would you like me to find you one outside of Cambridge?
Sorry, I needed to find a museum in town. Can you help me with that instead?|I recommend Byard Art Gallery in the south. It's free to get in!
Could I have the phone number please? I also need a train leaving from Cambridge and going to Birmingham New Street on Saturday, leaving by 13:15.|011223464646, is the phone. When will you travel?
I will travel on Saturday.|unfortunately the earliest train that day leaves at 14:01. would that be ok?
I need to ARRIVE by 13:15. Tickets for 3 and the reference # too please|I have you book at TR7683 leaving at 10:01 your confirmation number is A2H0EFPT. anything else i can help you with?
That's it. Thank you for your help today.|You are very welcome. It has been a pleasure assisting you today. Goodbye
Hello, I am looking for information on a restaurant name Rice House.|I have pulled up rice house from our database. What would you like to know?
I'd like to reserve a table for 7 on Thursday, at 11:15. Are you able to book that for me please?|I am unable to book for that day or time slot.  Is there another day or time that would work for you?
What about 10:15?|I was able to book a table for 7 at Rice house at 10:15 on Thursday. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your confirmation number is DAKQ9ZBN.
Great, thanks! I'll also need a train leaving after 11:45 on Friday.|I have many trains leaving Cambridge after 11:45 on Friday. Where would you like to go?
I would like to go to Kings lynn.|TR2621 leaves at 12:11 going to Kings Lynn. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please book it for 7 people and give me the reference number|You are booked.  Your reference number is BL1TV17C.  Anything else?
No, I am all set. Thanks!|Thank you, please enjoy your visit!
Hello, I'd like some information about colleges in the area that are interesting to visit|Which area do you prefer?
I don't care, do you have any suggestions?|I suggest Christ's College in the center area. Entrance is free.  The address is Saint Andrew's Street, the phone is 01223334900.  Would you like the postcode?
Thanks. I also need  train going to cambridge on tuesday.|Where would you like to depart from?
I need to leave from Leicester, and the train should arrive by 10:45 please.|Ok, there are 4 trains that meet that criteria, what time would you like to leave by?
I don't care when I depart, please book me one that is closest to the 10:45 arrival in cambridge. I just need one ticket.|Certainly, I have booked TR4734 arriving at 09:54 your reference number is  VZ5HHW3E. Can I help with anything else?
That will be all, thank you. Have a great day.|You're welcome!  Have a great day!
I'd like to find a train to peterborough.|There are 266 trains going to Peterborough. Can you give me a departure day and time so that I can narrow down your choices?
I am looking to go from cambridge, and go on friday arriving by 14:30|Okay, how about the TR5901 leaving at 13:34 and arriving at 14:24 with a duration of 50 minutes? The cost is 16.50 pounds. Would that work for you?
That would be perfect!|Great, how many tickets would you like to purchase?
7 tickets please. Can I also have the reference number for the booking?|Your tickets are all booked, reference number R5P65TW5
Thank you so much.  That is all I will need today.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
I am looking for a train that departs from bishops stortford and arrives by 12:15.|I can book you for an arrival time by 12:07 on Friday, is that a good time?
Does that train leave from Cambridge?  I need something on sunday.|Train TR1478 departs from Bishops Stortford and arrives in Cambridge by 12:07, would you like me to book this train for you?
Yes, I would need a booking for 3 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 24.24 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : G32O0XHA.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a cheap hotel. It does not need to have free parking.|Certainly, there are ten hotels. Do you have a preference of type, or area?
Yes I would like to stay on the East side of town.|We have 3 for you to choose from. Do you have any further preferences?
Yes, is there one that has free parking?|I have 3 of them that offer free wifi in the East. I have the Autumn House, Leverton House and Allenbell. Would you like more info on one of those?
Yes book the Autumn House for 3 people for 5 nights starting Sunday.|You're all set, you're booking reference is 8ED0YD26. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that's all. Thank you!|Okay Thank you very much for calling!
That was great service, good day to you.|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service.
I need to book a train from stansted airport to cambridge,  can you help me?|Yes, what day will you be traveling?
monday, after 11:15|There are 13 trains that match. Shall I reserve any tickets for you?
Can you reserve 6 tickets on the next train after 11:15?|I reserved you 6 seats on the TR5754. It leaves at 11:24. The total fee of 60.59 GBP is payable at the station. Your reference number is : 1IBJMMM8
Great sounds perfect!! Thank you so much for all your help.|No problem. Have a great day and trip. Goodbye.
i am looking for a train. The train should go to ely and should depart from Cambridge.|Of course, what day would you like to travel?
I would like to leave after 09:00 on Sunday.|There are many departure times available. Did you have a specific time in mind?
I just need to leave after 9:00. Can you book for 7 people?|You are all booked for 7 people on TR1159 leaving at 9:50 and arriving by 10:07. Reference #433N59V4. Fee is 24.64 payable at the station. Anything else?
That's all for today. Thanks for your help!|Your welcome.  Please let me know if you need anything else.
I am looking to leave for bishops stortford after 15:15 by train.|Certainly. Where are you departing from?
I'll be leaving from Cambridge.|I have several trains, when would you like to arrive by?
The arrival time does not matter, but it should leave on Sunday after 15:15.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 8.08 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : V6E0H0GJ. Is there anything else I can help with?
Were you able to book it for 4 people?|I was able to book 4 tickets. The total fee will be 32.32 pounds, payable at the station. The reference number is BPUJ9ISP. Can I help you with anything else?
Okay no that is all today.|Thank you for using our system!
I need a train leaving on a Sunday and arriving by 21:15.|Okay, I can help you with that. Where will you be traveling?
From London Kings Cross to Cambridge.|TR1681 will arrive at 20:08, would that work for you?
Yes, that sounds good.  Please book a ticket on TR1681 for 6 people for me.|The booking was successful, your reference number is EAWIQ7HX. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm looking for places to see in the south.|There is a  cinema, two entertainment facilities, a museum, and a nightclub. Would you like more info about any of those?
Can you give me the address for the cinema?|Sure thing! You are looking for Cineworld Cinema and the address is Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way.  Can I help you with anything more today?
Yes, can you provide me with their phone number?|Their phone number is 00872208000.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, what's the entrance fee for the cinema?|Unfortunately I don't have the entrance fee information. Can I help you with anything else?
Do you know the entrance fees to any of the other places you mentioned?|I have information on two parks and one museum, these have free admissions.  I do not have entrance fee info on the others. Anything else?
Can you select your favorite of the two parks and provide me with their address and phone number please?|Wandlebury Country Park is spectacular. The address is Wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham postal code CB223ae. Phone number 0122324830.
That is all I needed help with, thank you.|You're welcome. Enjoy your day.
I am looking for a train on Friday to Cambridge|I would be happy to help you find a train.  Can you confirm where you will be departing from?
Yes, I'll be departing from peterborough and it needs to arrive by 20:45.|TR9805 will arrive at 20:38, would that work for you?
Yes please book me tickets for 5 people|The booking was successful the price is 82.5 pounds your reference number is 7HQD6471. Do you need anything else?
I could use some help finding a museum to visit.|There are many lovely museums in Cambridge. Would you prefer a certain type of museum, or a particular neighbourhood?
I'm open to just about anything.  What's your favorite?|I quite enjoy Byard Art Museum located at 14 King's Parade.  It is free also.  Can I give you any more information?
Which area is it in? And can you also give me the post code?|Byard Art is south and the postcode is cb21sj.  Would you like information on another attraction?
No, that one sounds perfect, thank you.|May I help you with anything else, such as a restaurant?
No, you have been a great help. Thank you. Good bye.|It's been my pleasure. Thanks for using our service. Good day.
I need a place to stay that has 4 stars and includes free parking.|There are many high quality places to stay here, we have 19 4 stars places to choose from, any other preferences?
I would like it to be in the east.|Autumn house	is available, would you like to book that?
I need a reservation for 7 people for 3 nights starting on thursday. Can you please book that for me?|All set. Your reference number is TQA52SN1.
Thanks, I also need a train from cambridge starting at 10:30|What is your destination?
I need to leave on sunday and my destination is london kings cross.|I'm sorry the earliest train I have on Sunday leaves at 11:59.
Could you check one more time? I'm departing cambridge and going to London kings cross. I should arrive by 10:30 on Sunday.|I have a train leaving at 7:59 and arriving at 9:27. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes. Please book for 7 people.|The booking was successful and 79.67 GBP will be payable at the station. Your reference number is GPU9OWRW. What else can I do for you?
That is all I need. Thank you.|Thank you for calling. Please enjoy your trip to Cambridge, and let us know if there is any other way we can help. Goodbye.
I need help finding a hotel, please.|I can help you with anything you need.  What hotel are you looking for?
I need a hote on the north with free wifi.|Ok, thanks for that information. What is your price range for the hotel?
I am looking for a moderately priced hotel.|We have quite a few hotels that meet your criteria.  May I ask if you have a preference of how many stars?
No star preference but it should also have free parking.|We have 9 options that meet your request. Do you want me to go ahead and book the cheapest for you?
Yes the cheapest will be fine,thank you|What area do you need to be in?
I would like a hotel in the north, but please remember it needs to be moderately priced and include free parking & wifi.|I have five places. Is there a star rating you prefer?
yes a 3 star rating at least|Hamilton Lodge is available, would you like me to book you?
No but I would like to find a train for Sunday going to Liverpool Street from Cambridge, leaving after 20:30.|Sure thing would you like me to book that for you?
First, may I have the postcode and address of the Hamilton Lodge, please? Then, I would like the train booked.|156 chesterton road, cb41da.  Now shall we finish booking the train?
Yes lets finish booking the train. I need to book for 4 people.|I have booked it Reference number is 8R9CJHWQ.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!|I  hope you  have a nice trip.  Goodbye.
I am looking for an expensive Italian restaurant.|How about Cafe Uno, in the centre of town, 32 Bridge Street City Centre
Sounds good. Could you book me a reservation for 8, Friday, at 16:15?|I'm sorry, I'm unable to book you a table at 16:15. Would you like to try another time?
Maybe 15:15 work work then. Could you try that?|Your booking was successful. You have a table reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is BVU9ETYF.
Great, thanks!  Can you also help me find a train departing norwich arriving by 11:45?|Did you want that train for Friday?
Yes, I do. I'll be taking the train into Cambridge.|There are 6 trains leaving to Cambridge on Friday. We have one leaving at 10:16 and arriving by 11:35. Would that be okay?
That would be perfect! Please make a booking for 8 people.|I was able to book the train for you. The reference number is 4ITZ3ZMO and the total fee is 140.8 GBP payable at the station.
Great! That is all I need today.|Thank you. Have a good day.
I need a train leaving after 14:30 on Wednesday.|Where would you like to depart from?
Hi, I'm looking for a train to Kings Lynn from Cambridge.|There is a train leaving at 15:11 that will arrive at 15:58.  Would you like assistance booking a ticket?
Yes, please make the booking for me.|I have booked you one ticket to leave at 15:11 from kings lynn and arriving at cambridge at 15:58. Reference number is DLDQIR5G.
Actually I need a booking for 2 people total not just me.|Your reference number is DOX6TU6M. You may pay 19.6 pounds at the station. Do you need help with anything else?
Yes I need a place to eat that is in the north and should serves indian food.|I would recommend The Nirala. It is moderately priced and located on 7 milton road chesterton
Can I have the postcode for that restaurant to please?|Sure thing it's cb41uy.
Thank you! So much. That's all I needed help with.|you are welcome always
That's all I needed today, have a good day.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. We hope you have a pleasant visit.
I want to take a train from Cambridge to Kings Lynn.|When would you like to travel?
It will be on Friday.|I have trains departing as early as 05:11 in the morning and as late as 23:11 in the evening. Any time preferences?
I want one that leaves after 13:00|TR8494 leaves Cambridge at 13:11 and arrives by 13:58, will this suit your needs?
Can you help me find and insanely expensive restaurant located in the centre of town please?|There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre of town. Is there a specific type of food you would like?
Actually, sorry I got ahead of myself. I still want help booking a train that goes to kings lynn on friday after 13:00. I want to book for 5 people.|We have several.  Do you have a preferred arrival time?
No, I need to leave after 13:00|I have train TR8494 that leaves at 13:11 would that work for you?
That would be perfect! Can I have a reference number for the train?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 49 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : JCZKJYT9. Can I help with anything else?
Yeah, so that restaurant. I want something that serves fusion if possible.|I'm sorry I was unable to find a fusion restaurant. Would you like to try another type of food?
Yes please try mediterranean food.|I have two expensive mediterranean restaurants in the center. May I recommend shiraz restaurant for you?
OK. Can you give me their address and phone number?|Their phone number is 01223307581, and their address is 84 Regent Street City Centre. Would you like me to make a reservation?
I'll have to think about it, but thank you.|You are more than welcome!
That's all I need, thank you!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!
I'm looking for a hotel with free parking, can you help me out?|Do you have a preference on a hotel or guesthouse?
I don't have preference on type of place, but it should have 4 stars.|Do you have a preference for location or price range?
No, I'm not worried about those things, just as long as it has 4 star, free parking, and doesn't need to include Internet.|How about the Acorn Guest House? It meets your criteria and is on the North side of town.
That sounds great. Could I get the postal code, please?|Sure! The postal code is cd41da. Would you like to make a reservation?
I also need a train from Cambridge.|And when are you wanting to depart from Cambridge?
I'm sorry, I mispoke, I need a train to cambridge. I need to leave ely after 08:30 on thursday.|I have train TR2029 that will depart Ely at 09:35 and arrive in Cambridge by 09:52. Would this schedule interest you?
Perfect. I'll need a booking for 4 people.|Your tickets are reserved. The reference number is 7DX9JIIE. The cost is 17.60 GBP payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
That should be it, thanks!|My pleasure! Enjoy your stay!
I need a moderately-priced place to stay. I don't care about parking.|Was there a particular section of town you were looking for?
No, as long as it is a hotel and not a guest house. It also needs to have free wifi please.|Ok, I'm showing three hotels in the moderate price range with free internet. I suggest the lovell lodge in the north.
i request you  to book it for 6 people and 2 nights starting from friday|Booking was successful. Reference number is : PF88WYIU.is there anything you want me to do?
Was that the Lovell Lodge that was booked?|Yes it was, can I assist with anything else?
Yes, i also need to book a train to Cambridge as well.|sure, what day are you traveling?
I will be traveling on Friday from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge.|OK, we have ten trains that day, any time in mind?
I would like to leave after 15:30. I will need to book for 6 people.|I've got you all booked!  You have 6 tickets on the TR9802 for a total of 99.60 gbp and you can pay at the train station.  Anything else?
Can I get the reference number please?  I think that that will be all I need.  Thanks for your help!|I will get that number for you now.
I just need the reff number for the train you booked.  Same group of people will be needing tickets.|Of course. The reference number is FAE4OIMM. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, I think that's everything for now. Thank you.|welcome anytime you wish to inquire anything
Can you get me the address to every hotel in the north. Thank you|There is only one hotel in the north area and its address is 365 milton road.
Thanks for your help, that's all I needed.  Have a good day.|you are welcome any time you need us
thanks alot, you are great|Thank you and have a great day. Goodbye.
I'm looking an expensive restaurant in the center.|There are 33 different restaurants to chose from in your criteria. What type of food do you want?
Anything you can recommend would be fine.|If you're for something a little exotic, I recommend Bedouin, which is an expensive restaurant in the center of town serving African food.
That sounds interesting. Can you give me their phone number and postcode? Also, is there a train leaving at 11:45 on Wednesday?|Bedouin's phone number is 01223367660 and their post code is cb12bd. There are 256 train departures on Wednesday - where do you need to go?
I need to go from cambride to birmingham new street.|There are 12 departures. What time do you need to depart or arrive?
I need to leave at 11:45|Unfortunately, I don't see anything for earlier.
Can you look again for 1 person?|Sorry, nothing before 12:01
What times are the 12 departures?|The train leaves on the :01 every hour starting at 10:01 with the final train leaving at 23:01
Okay, then I guess book it for 11:01 please. And I need a reference number please.|How many tickets do you need?
Just give me one.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP which is payable at the station. The Reference number is : VXSYVE96.
Wonderful! Thank you for your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
no, that will be all. thank you.|Alright. Have a good day!
I am looking for information in Cambridge|Ok, what kind of information about Cambridge do you need?
I would like a hotel that is in the north, has free parking, and is a guesthouse.|Acorn guest house is available, would that work for you?
Not sure. I'm strapped for cash, is it in the cheap price range?|city centre north b and b is on the cheap side or worth house.
Can you book one of them for 3 people?|What day will you be checking in and for how many nights?
I would like to check in on Tuesday.|and how many nights?
For 5 nights please.|You are all set, the reference number is 439JME60, can I help you with anything else?
Yes I am looking at a train that departs Stansted Airport for 3 people.  Leaves Tuesday and arrives in Cambridge by 16:30.|Train TR9892 leaves at 5:24 and arrives by 5:52 would you like me to boko that for you?
Yes, that would be great. I'll need three tickets, please?|I can work on booking that for you. I will be back with you shortly.
Were you able to book it?|You booking for 3 tickets on the TR9892 was successful. Your Reference number is : U5A2ZTWU.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need to find an indian restaurant.|great, what area are you thinking of?
Actually, I just needed the tickets. That is all for now. Thanks.|You're welcome, have a great day.
I need a train that leaves after 11:00 and goes to Cambridge|What day would you be traveling?
I will be traveling on Saturday from Norwich.|The earliest train leaves at 11:16 and every hour thereafter.  A ticket costs 14.08 pounds.  Can I help you book?
Please book the 11:16 train for 5 people and can I please have the reference number?|Alright, I have 5 tickets booked. your reference number is UDGBVRLM.
I also need to book accommodations. Something in the expensive range with a 3-star rating will do nicely.|There are two hotels that meet your criteria; the Gonville Hotel and The Lensfield Hotel. Would you like to book a room with one of these?
I need one that includes free parking, but it does not need to have internet.|Both the Gonville and the Lensfield have free parking and internet. The Gonville is central, whereas the Lensfield is in the south.
I think I would like the Gonville in the central area.|Okay, I will book for you then.  How many days and people, and would you like it to start the same day?
Yes, I'd like to book for 3 nights starting the same day. There will be 5 people.|I am afraid they have no bookings available. Would you like a shorter stay or different day.
Yes, let's try 2 nights and see if that works.|The booking was successful. The reference number is FWFEVQI8.
Thank you - that's all I need today. Have a great day!|My pleasure. Have a great day!
Can you help me find a train going to Peterborough that leaves after 08:45? Thanks!|I can absolutely help you with that, what day will you be planning to travel and where will you be departing from?
I am leaving from Cambridge on Sunday.|TR3211 leaves Cambridge at 09:06 and arrives in Peterborough at 09:56. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
I actually need 3 tickets.  Please provide a reference number.|I booked you 3 seats on the TR3211 train departing Cambridge at 09:06. Your reference is YU1AWA94 and 39.59 GBP is due at the station. Will that be all today?
I am also looking for the hotel A and B guest house.|What would you like to know?
Do they include wifi, and can I get the postcode and phone number?|The A&B Guesthouse does offer free wifi!  And the phone number is: 01223315702.  The postcode is: cb12dp.
I am planning your trip in Cambridge. I need a train,The train should depart from birmingham new street and should leave on sunday|I can help you with that.  Do you have a time preference?
Yes I need to arrive by 14:30.|I have train TR9644 arriving by 14:23,is that good for you?
Yes could you please book it for me and get me a reference number?|How many tickets do you need?
I need 1 ticket please.|I have 1 ticket booked on TR9644. The cost is 60.08 GBP and your reference number is CFPQ0W33. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'd like to find an expensive hotel in the city centre.|Sure! Would you like to stay at the Gonville Hotel (3 stars), or the University Arms Hotel (4 stars)? Both have parking and internet.
Lets go with university arms, please book me for 1 person, 4 nights on sunday.|All set, the reference number is IFHSYRZN, any other questions today?
Which ever one you recommend. I'll need it booked for 1 person, Sunday, 3 nights please.|You're all set! Your reference number is IFHSYRZN
Thank you for all your help.|Have a nice day.
Yes I am looking for a local restaurant to dine that will serve expensive european food|eraina has a really good menu. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please for one person.|What day and time would you like?
Perhaps I can call and ask a few questions. What is there phone # and address please?|Of course. Their phone is 01223368786 and they are at Free School Lane City Centre
Can I also get their postcode please?|Their post code is cb23rh. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for information on a train. I need to leave from Cambridge to Kings Lynn on Monday. I want to arrive by 13:45.|There are 8 possible trains to take, do you have a preference on your departure time from Cambridge?
I am not picky as long as I arrive on time.|The TR7430 leaves Cambridge at 12:11 and arrives at Kings Lynn by 12:58. Would you like to book tickets?
I would like to book for 8 people please.|I have your tickets reserved, the total fee is 78.4 GBP payable at the station and the reference number is: V6AXIQBL. Can I do anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you for your help!|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Hello.  I am interested in finding some good local restaurants.  Do you have any that you would suggest?|Cambridge has many wonderful dining options, is there a type of cuisine or price range that you are looking for?
I'm sorry, I actually need a train on Wednesday from Peterborough to Cambridge. I need to arrive by 10:00.|There are 8 trains that arrive before 10:00. The latest leaves Peterborough at 8:48 and arrives at 9:38. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes,please book it for 7 people.|Your train is booked for Wednesday at 08:48, the reference number is REINB4ERO.  Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a moderately priced restaurants in the east part of town.|There are three restaurants.  Would you prefer Italian or Indian?
I would prefer Italian please. Let me know what options you have for that cusine type.|pizza hut fen ditton offers italian cuisine.
Is that in the east in the moderate price range? If it is I would like a table for the same day for 7 people at 20:00 please.|Yes it matches all of your requests, however I'm very sorry that time is not available at pizza hut fen ditton. Would you like to try for another time?
Yes, I will try for a little earlier, how about 19:00?  I will need a reference number also.|I booked that for you and the reference number is: CXZ6IYHC.
Thank you that's all that I need!|Are you certain you don't need further assistance?
Yes. I do not need anymore assistance. Thank you.|Have a great day!
What good attractions are there in the city centre?|There are over 40 of them, many of which are free; did you have anything more specific in mind?
No, just pick something.|The Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum is a good attraction that is free. Would you like the address or directions?
Actually, can I get the address and phone number please?|Sure, it is located at 6 Trinity Street.  The phone number is 01223324222.  Can I help you further?
Yes.  I need to find a train to travel from Stevenage to Cambridge.|Okay, what day and what time would you like to leave? The ride is about 49 minutes and the train comes every two hours.
I need to leave Saturday and must arrive by 20:00.  I don't care what time the train leaves as long as I arrive on time.|I have train TR2442 leaving stevenage at 17:54 and arriving in cambridge at 18:43.  Would you like to book this?
Yes, please. I need 4 tickets.|Great! That was successful and your booking reference number is NXSAEV12.
That should do it. thank you!|Ok great!  I hope that you enjoy your travels!  Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I need a train to stansted airport that leaves after 21:30. I am also going to be looking for local places to eat.|There are several departures to Stansted Airport with one every hour beginning at 22:08.  Would you like for me to look up a local restaurant for you?
I will take a seat on the 22:08 departure as long as it departs from Cambridge on Friday.  Yes, please find a restaurant.|How many tickets shall I book for you on the 22:08 train on Friday from Cambridge to Stansted Airport?
5 people for the train please.|Great I have booked your tickets for 5 people leaving at 21:40 and arriving at 22:08. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I am also looking for a restaurant in the centre of town in the expensive price range.|The fitzbillies restaurant is in the town center and it meets what you are looking for.  Would you like for me to make you a reservation?
Perfect, can you book it for 5 people on the same day at 16:30?|Sorry, but they're all full at that time. Would you like to try a different time or perhaps another day?
Can we try for 15:30? I also need the reference number for the train booking.|Your reference number for the train is KVNAC7LA. I was able to book Fitzbillies for you at 15:30. Your reference number for the restaurant is UN2K2CD8. Is there anything else?
That's all, thank you.|Are you certain you don't need further assistance?
Yes, I'm sure. Thanks.|Have a great trip!
I'm looking for a restaurant in the center of town that serves food from the americas.|I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants that meet your requirements. Would you like to broaden your search criteria?
Yes, let's look for an Italian restaurant in the same area.|I'm sorry, I'm afraid I can't find any restaurant in this area that serve that type of food.  Are there any other types I can help you find?
Can you check again to see if there are any italian restaurants in the center of town?|There are 9 Italian restaurants which are centrally located, do you have a price range?
No, any of those are fine. Could I get the address for one of them?|Zizzi is located at 47-53 Regent Street. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I also need a train that will be departing from Kings Lynn on Monday.|There are 19 trains leaving kings lynn on friday. Where would you like to go?
I would like a train headed to cambridge that arrives by 9:30.|Yes I have a train that arrives in Cambridge by 08:58. All other trains arrive after 09:30. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes. I want to book 6 people. I need the reference number as well.|Booking was successful for TR4758 , the total fee is 58.8 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : S080H7HT. Is there anything else I can help with?
This is all I need for now, thank you.|Enjoy your trip!
i'm looking for a train leaving on thursday and arriving by 11:45|There is a train leaving Thursday from Kings Lynn at 10:11, arriving at Cambridge at 10:58. Would you like me to pull up other listings?
Can you look up trains departing from Broxbourne instead?|I would recommend TR0393 which leaves Broxbourne at 5:32 and arrives in Cambridge at 6:32.
Great!  Can you book 2 seats for me on that one?|Your train has been booked. Your total cost is 35.79, payable at the station. Your reference number is SQUCLNLA.  Can I help with anything else?
I need to book a room in a guesthouse that has free parking.|There are 21 guesthouses in town with free parking. Do you prefer a specific area of town or do you have a price range?
Not really but I do need a 4 star rating.|Do you have a price range in mind? And will you need wifi?
WiFi is not necessary, but I would like free parking. I'm looking for mid range pricing.|There are nine moderately priced guesthouses available. I suggest Home From Home, a 4-star guesthouse that comes with internet and parking. Would you like to book a room?
Sounds great! I'll need to book a room for 2 people, for 2 nights starting Thursday.|Excellent. You are all set, and your reference number is : 2GHO31DA.  Anything else I can assist you with today?
Thats everything thanks|I hope I could be of service today, enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I need information about a train.|Okay! Where would you like to go?
I need a train on thursday that'll arrive by 18:00, traveling from leicester to cambridge.|I have train TR1575 that leaves at 15:09 and arrives in Cambridge at 16:54. Would that work for you?
Yes, can you please book me for 3 people and get me a reference number?|I have booked you for 3 people on TR1575. Your reference number is Y4IU29UM. Can I do anything else for you?
Thanks, I need to find a danish restaurant in the centre of town|I am terribly sorry there aren't any, another type perhaps?
How about european food then?|Yes there are 4 results. How about hotel du vin and bistro?
What is the price range for hotel du vin and bistro?|That one is a moderately priced restaurant. It's fantastic!
I can't wait to try it. I'm not ready to make a reservation yet. Thanks for your help. I'll call back. Goodbye.|Thank you, we'll be happy to help when you're ready to make a reservation. Have a great day!
I need to book a train|I can help you with that. Where are you headed?
I am going to Cambridge.|Great, can you tell me where you will be departing from and which day you want to travel and at what time?
I will be leaving from London Liverpool Street going to Cambridge on Sunday.|There is a train that leaves at 5:39 would you like me to book it for you ?
Yes please, just for one person.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is DWZMV9KS.
Thanks! Now can you help me find an expensive gastropub restaurant in the centre please?|There are two that meet your criteria. The Backstreet Bistro, and The Slug and Lettuce. Would you like me to book one of those for you?
I'm not ready to reserve a table just yet, but could you give me the address, phone, and postcode for The Slug and Lettuce, just because its name is so awesome?|Their address is 34 - 35 Green Street, cb23ju. There is no phone number listed. I can reserve a table for you if you'd like.
No I just needed the information, thanks for your help you've be so helpful!|No problem, it was a pleasure assisting you today!
Hello, I need a train to come in at 8 am.|Where would you like the train to take you?
I need to leave from cambridge and get to Kings Lynn by 8:00 on Saturday.|The TR2973 leaves from cambridge on Saturday at 07:11 and arrives at kings lynn at 07:58. If you want one that leaves more time there is one an hour earlier.
That one will work, can you get me 7 tickets please?|Alright, I've booked that and it was successful. Your Reference number is D2D4VN6F and the total fee is 62.72 GBP. Anything else?
That's all for today. Have a great one!|Thank you, you have a great day as well. Let me know if you need help with anything else.
looking for a train going to Cambridge.|What day and time are you wanting to travel?
I am leaving on Sunday and need to arrive by 13:00|How about TR3350 that leaves at 05:17?
you can book it. get me the reference number too|W8YHJKSV is the reference number
Thank you that is all I needed.|Thank you for using our services.
Looking for a train that leaves after 14:00|Sure, From where to where? And what day are you looking to travel?
I am departing from Bishops Stortford and would like to arrive in Cambridge.  I would like to depart on Saturday.|What time would you need it to arrive?
Doesn't matter for arrival time. I need it for 4 people though.|I booked you 4 tickets on TR4115, departing bishops stortford at 15:29 on Saturday, arriving in cambridge at 16:07. Ref#EHA6H5L3. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes, I will be on the east side, can you recommend any places to go for me?|Sure, there are two entertainment places in the east. Cherry hinton hall and grounds and funky fun house. Would you like more information on those?
What type of attractions are they?|They are both entertainment. I also have 2 museums and a boat.
Could you tell me about the museums?|There is the Cambridge Museum of Technology, which costs 5 pounds to enter, and the Cambridge Artworks, which is free.
Can I get the phone number and postcode for both?|The phone number for Cambridge Artworks is 01223902168 and the postcode is cb13ef.  The Cambridge Museum of Technology has the phone number 01223368650 and the postcode is cb58ld.
That's all the information I needed today, thanks for your help!|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Please remember us for all of your future travel needs
I am looking for a train from Stevenage to Cambridge.  Can you help me?|Of course! What day would you like to leave and what time would you like to arrive?
I am looking to arrive by 17:15 on tuesday.|I have found you a train that leaves at 15:54 and arrives by 16:43. Would you like this one?
Yes could you please book that for me for 8 people and provide a reference number for the booking.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 102.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : AIM1QZ4C.
Thank you! I also am looking for a place to eat at in the west area. I would prefer a nice expensive one.|We have many fine restaurants in the west, but I recommend Sala Thong, which serves Thai food. Would you like to book a table?
Is there any place to eat that serves Indian?|Which area are you referring to?
I would like it to be in the West of town.|Would you like me to reserve a table?
Yes please book it for 8 people on tuesday at 20:15|Which restaurant should I book? There are 5, in the west, that serve Indian food.
Can you suggest one that has an expensive price range, please?|Yes, I recommend Tandoori Palace. It meets your specifications. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, please book a table for 8 on Tuesday at 20:15. I'd also like the reference number, please?|I have the reservation booked at the restaurant. The reference number is 2YCEETCJ.
Thank you so much. I think that will be it for today. You've been a great help. Goodbye.|I'm glad I could help. Have a wonderful trip and a wonderful day. Goodbye.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|I can help plan your trip!  What do you need?
I need a train ticket going to cambridge from norwich on saturday anytime after 15:00|There are 9 trains traveling from norwich to cambridge after that time on Saturday. Do you need to arrive by a certain time?
No it doesn't matter when I get there. Can you pick one, and make me a booking for three people? I need a reference number too!|Okay. I've booked you three tickets on the TR9724. Your reference number is J87QHBRM. You'll owe 42.24 at the station.
Thank you. I also need info on a place to go in the west. Any one will do. Just something to see.|You have a few attraction options in the west area; colleges, museums and even an entertainment attraction. Which one sounds best for your trip?
Can you recommend one and give their post code?|How does the Clare Hall sound? The postcode is cb39al.
That sonds great, thanks. Thats all I need for today.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I'm looking for a special place, can you help?|I need just a little more information to help. I think all places in Cambridge are special, and I would like to be able to narrow it down for you.
I am looking specifically for Saint John's College.|sorry i dont have that in our list. is there something else i can do for you?
Okay, well I also need a train departing for Cambridge on Wednesday.|I have several trains headed to Cambridge on Wednesday. Where will you be departing from?
The train will be leaving Cambridge and going to London Liverpool Street.|There are 10 trains running that route on Wednesday. Do you have a particular departure time in mind?
Yes at 11 am , can you bnook the the one close to that time|How about the 11:59 that will arrive by 13:27?  It is 16.60 pounds.
That will work can you book that for me.|do i book only one ticket
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|Yes, please confirm how many tickets you would like me to book, just the one?
No, please book for 8 people and can I get the booking reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 132.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 98NW4G1V. Anything else?
That's all I needed.|Wonderful, have a great day!
I am looking for a cheaply priced restaurant in the centre of Cambridge.|There are a large number of options to choose from. Do you have a preference for the type of food you would like?
No I'm not picky, anything is fine as long as it's in the centre of town. I need to make a reservation for 2 on Sunday.|What time would you like your reservation?
12:00 please, I will need a reference number. I also need a train that goes to stansted airport leaving after 10:30.|Okay. I have booked you for 2 at 12:00 at the Dojo noodle Bar on Sunday.
Great thanks so much. Can you give me the reference number and also I need to get a train when your ready.|The reference number is RLOFK7YF. What do you need for your train?
I need the train to leave Cambridge on Monday after 10:30 and go to Stansted Airport, and I need two tickets. I also need my reference number please.|There are 14 trains leaving Monday from cambridge to stansted airport after 10:30. The closest departure to that would be TR8207 leaving at 10:40. Shall I book this for 2?
Yes that is perfect, please also provide me with the reference number.|Booking was successful for TR8207, the total fee is 20.2 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is W7D3D21R. Is there any further assistance needed?
That should be all thank you|Have a great trip!
I'm leaving Cambridge and am looking for a train that should leave on Monday.|Where would you like to arrive? I have some arriving at london kings cross on monday. There are other arrival places also available.
I need to depart for Birmingham New Street after 20:15. Thank you so much for your help, you're doing a wonderful job!|Okay there are several trains that leave after that time to the destination you listed. Would you like a reference number to one of them?
Yes I would like to book for 4 people and I need the reference number.|Would the TR2392 that arrives in birmingham new street by 23:44 be okay for booking?
That would be great thank you. I am also looking for halal food located in the Centre. Can you help me find one?|There are no restaurants matching your requirements in that area.
Can you give me alternate expensive restaurants in the Centre?|There are several.  Do you have any food preferences?
Yes, please tell me about Italian food.|There are four expensive Italian restaurants in the centre region: Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar, Clowns Cafedon Pasquale Pizzeria, and Caffe Uno. Would you like to try getting a reservation?
I would like to try Caffe Uno.|What time would you like your reservation for?
I would like the reservation for 14:45 for 4 people on Monday, please.|You are now booked for Cafe Uno. Your reference number is 0CTGEFMD.  Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
That's all I needed, thank you.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Hello! I'm looking for a place to stay on the south side of Cambridge.|We have three cheap and moderately priced guesthouses on the south end, or one expensive hotel.
I would like a moderately priced place to stay, please. Also, I absolutely need free parking wherever I am staying.|Could I recommend aylesbray lodge guest house or bridge guest house?
Bridge guest house sounds great. I would like to book it for seven people and two nights starting friday|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 3D2YXAFF.  What else can I assist you with today?
I am also looking for a Train departing Stevenage on Friday.|There are several trains that depart from Stevenage on Friday.  What time of the day would you prefer to travel?
I would like to leave after 15:15.|There are 5 trains. The earliest matching your request leaves at 15:54 and arrives in cambridge by 16:43. Do you want to book?
Yes, please book tickets for 7 people on that train and absolutely do remember to send me the reference number too|Okay I have booked that for you and the Reference number is 9BT7493G. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all for now. Thank you for all your help.|Not a problem. Have a nice day!
I need a train from kings lynn to go to cambridge|What day will you be traveling on?
saturday and I want to leave sometime after 13:30 leaving kings lynn and going to cambridge|The TR9346 leaves at 14:11. Would you like to book some tickets?
Yes, please book for one person.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 7.84 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : CJ3UDSFH.
I'm also looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the cheap price range and should serve spanish food|There is one place available. Would you like for me to book a table?
Yes please book for 1 at 19:00 on Saturday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : LBSSZORN.  What else can I help you with today?
That is all I need, thank you. Good bye.|Thank you have a great day.
Hi I need a train for Saturday please.|Alright I have 404 entries for saturday  . Do you have a particular time or departure site in mind ?
I need to depart from Stansted Airport on Saturday after 13:45.|And where will you be going?
I am going to cambridge.|There are 8 trains available, do you have a specific departure time in mind?
Yes, I would need to depart sometime after 13:45. What do you have available?|How about the TR4230 train? It leaves at 14:24 and arrives at 14:52.
Yes, that will be fine. I would like to book the train for 2 people please.|Okay, I've booked 2 tickets for you, and your reference number is EO86W7MK.
Fantastic, I'd also like a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town, please.|Asian or british food?
I would like Japanese food please.|I am afraid I don't show any japanese restaurants in the centre area. Do you have another preference?
Maybe modern european?|I do have 2 options for modern european. Would you like to see reviews of those?
Just pick the one you like best and provide its phone number and address please.|riverside brasserie is a great choice! They're located at Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane you can reach them at 01223259988.
Thank you, that should be all today, thanks!|It was a pleasure helping. Thanks for using our service. Have a nice day. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a train that will be going to london kings cross on Wednesday.|There are ten trains departing from Cambridge and arriving in London Kings Cross on Wednesday. Do you need to arrive by a certain time?
I need it to arrive by 18:00.|How about TR8676 that leaves at 19:00?
i want to book for three people. help me get the reference number too|I'm sorry for the confusion, that train won't arrive by 18:00. TR3843 will arrive by 17:51, does that sound like it will work?
Yes, please book for 3 people. I will need a reference number also.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.8 GBP payable at the station.  Reference number is : H6YK4BJL.
Thank you for your help!|You're certainly welcome. My pleasure, sir. Anything else I may do for you today?
You've covered it all. Thanks a million. Goodbye.|Happy to be of service. Please let us know if we can assist you in the future.
I need a train leaving cambridge I want to be at my designation by 17:45.|What is your destination site and what day are you planning to travel on?
I need to arrive in birmingham new street by 17:45 on wednesday.|I have train TR5558 arriving on 17:44 is that okay?
Yes, that will work. Can I make a booking for 7 people please? I will need a reference number.|Yes I will get a confirmation number for 7
Thanks. Again, it is for Wednesday.|Booking was successful for TR5558. The total fee is 525.69 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is: 7GOR98HS. Do you need further assistance with anything?
Thanks. I am also looking for a cheap Chinese restaurant. Can you help me with this?|Would you prefer in the Centre or South area?
South area please.|I have found The Lucky Star that meets your requirements. Would you like me to book it for you?
Please for Wednesday at 14:45.|How many people will be in your party?
For all 7 of us, and I'll need the reference number for that as well.|Great. Your reference number is TIA1WMSZ.
Thank you for all your help. That will be it for now.|Thank you is there anything else today that I can help you with?
Thanks for you help. That is all.|Have a good day!
I'm looking for a place to stay with free wifi. Find me a hotel like that with a star of 4.|Okay. Would you like to stay on the west side of town, or the centre?
I would like to stay in the south please.|I'm sorry but I don't have any hotels that match your criteria in that area, would you like to try another part of town?
Can you double check for a 4 star, south area hotel with free wifi and parking please?|I have 2 guesthouses matching your requirements, one cheap and one moderate. I recommend the moderately-priced Aylesbray Lodge.
Okay, thanks. I'm also looking for a train for Friday.|We have 2,828 entries for a train.  Could you narrow it down to what you need?
I need to get a train that will arrive by 13:30 heading to cambridge from norwich|What day will you be traveling?
I will be traveling on Friday.|how many tickets?
Just for myself please.|We have trains leaving every hour from 05:36 to 11:36. How early do you want to leave?
It doesn't matter as long as i arrive by 13:30.|The first train leaves at 5:36.
Can you book it for me?|You are booked on the 05:36 train on Friday. Reference number TR2534. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need the reference number please.|Sure, your reference number is 2UBIWV3N. May I assistance you with anything else today?
No that is everything, thanks for all your help. Goodbye|Have a safe trip.
Hello, I will be in Cambridge later on this week and I can't seem to find King's college. I am not sure how to find it, can you help?|Yes, Kings College is in the center of town and the address and postal code is King's Parade, cb21st respectively.
And what's the entrance fee?|There is no entrance fee, Kings College is FREE!
That's great! Can you also help me find a train going to norwich?|I found 133 trains going to norwich, what date, time or station will you be leaving from?
I would like to leave on Sunday and depart from cambridge.|There are 19 that leave on Sunday from Cambridge. Do you want to depart or arrive by a certain time?
I would like to arrive by 15:15.|I have a train that departs from Cambridge at 13:38 and arrives in Norwich by 14:55. Would you like to place a booking?
I would like to make a booking for 7 people please.|I've booked you on TR8185, for 7 people. It departs Cambridge at 13:36 and arrives in Norwich at 14:55.
Thank you. Can I have the reference number for that booking?|The booking reference number is 9SDIIVSB. Anything else I can help you with?
No, that was all I needed today. Thank you for your help.|Thank you for using our system!
I would like to book a train that departs from cambridge and arrive at kings lynn.|There are several available. Is there a specific day you would like to travel as well as arrival and departure times?
I would like to leave on Monday and arrive by 13:45.|TR7430 leaves at 12:11 and arrives at 12:58, would you like me to book you?
Yes, please book tickets for 6 people on TR7430 and provide the reference number once you have completed that. Thanks!|All set. Your reference number is 45ANXMEA.
Can you also recommend a moderately-priced restaurant in the centre?|how about the oak bistro? it looks lovely
I'd really like to try british food - will the oak bistro be ok for that?|Yes the Oak Bistro is a great British food restaurant.
Where is the restaurant located? I would like to book a table for 6, around 10:45 on monday.|It is located in the centre area of the city.  Would you like me to book that for you?
That would be great! And can I please get the reference number for that?|You are now booked, the reference number is JZWXIUGS.  Anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|Great!  Please let us know if we can help you with anything else.  We hope you enjoy your stay!
I am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range in the centre.|There are quite a few options open to you. Is there a particular type of cuisine you are interested in?
Yes, I'd like to find a place serving North American cuisine.|I show the Gourmet Burger Kitchen available on Regent Street City Centre.  Would you like to book a table?
Yes, please. Can you book a table for 4 on Saturday at 12:45?|The reference number is E1KV4Y86. May i please help you with something else.
I also need a train please.|What is the destination?
I am looking to travel to peterborough and arrive by 11:30|I recommend train TR3596 it will get you there by 11:24 on Saturday.  Want me to book it?
Yeah, please book it for the same group of people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : G82GDIBP. Can I help with anything else today?
No, thank you, that will be all.|Thank you, enjoy your stay.
Yes, I would like a taxi to the Town Centre. From the train station.|Where from the town centre do you need the taxi to pick you up?
I'm sorry, did I say Taxi? I mean train.|Let's start over.  Are you looking for a train?
Yes. I need it to depart from Cambridge.|Where would you like the train from cambridge to travel to?
I am looking for a train schedule that departs from Cambridge and should go to Ely.|Ok, is there any particular time you'd like to leave or arrive by?
I need to get a train leaving cambridge and going to ely. I need to be in ely by 10:30 and am leaving on wednesday.|TR5626 leaves Cambridge at 09:50 and arrives in Ely at 10:07. Will that work for you?  Tickets are 4.40 GBP.
Can you book that for 3 people and get me a reference number as well please?|I've reserved you 3 seats on TR5626. The total is 13.2 pounds payable at the station. Your reference number is 3BMHT78A. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that's everything that I needed. Thanks for your help!|I hop you enjoy your stay.  Have a good day.
Thank you, this is the end of the dialogue.|You are very welcome.
I want to find a train that leaves from Norwich on Monday.|There are 19 trains that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow it down by time or destination?
Yes, the train needs to arrive in Cambridge by 12:15.|There are 6 different trains that arrive by 12:15, did you have a time you wanted to leave Norwich by?
Any departure time is fine.|Okay I can book you for TR9020 leaving at 05:16 on Monday. How many tickets would you like?
I need 5 tickets. Can I please also have the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 88 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : MD5UWGDZ.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, actually. I'm looking for information on the Sitar Tandoori restaurant.|Sitar Tandoori is an expensive indian restaurant on the east side of town. They are located at 43 High Street Cherry Hinton Cherry Hinton, cb19hx. Their phone is 01223249955.
I'd like to book a table for the same number of people (5) for that same day at 16:15 if it's available. I'd also like the reference number for that please.|Unfortunately, the time that you provided for 5 people is not available. Do you have other times that you prefer?
Can you try 15:15? And I'll need a reference number if they have a table available.|Your party of 5 is booked for the restaurant at 15:15 and the reference number is 6OWS31DG.  Can I help you with anything else?
Great that's all I needed, thank you for your help.|Happy to be of help. Enjoy the rest of your day!
Is there a train from london liverpool street that arrives by 17:15?|Yes, I have several trains that can get you there by 17:15. What day are you traveling?
I'm coming to Cambridge on Thursday.|There are seven trains available that day. What time would you like to leave by?
Any train is fine. I'll need it booked for three people.|I've booked you for 3 on TR3257, leaving liverpool street at 13:39 and arriving cambridge at 15:07, with reference #YR897WTP. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes. I'm also looking for a place called cineworld cinema|Okay it's located in the south and the address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way.
Thank you, goodbye!|Good bye, enjoy the rest of your day.
Hello! I'm looking for a train that leaves after 10:15 on Sunday.|Where is your departure and destination?
The train should depart from cambridge and should go to peterborough, please.|Train TR1492 departs from Cambridge at 10:34 on Sunday and arrives at Peterborough by 11:24. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes, please make a booking for 1 person.|Unfortunately, there is not a train on Sunday matching your criteria.
Are you sure there are no trains going from Cambridge to Peterborough on Sunday leaving after 10:15? What about TR1492 that you said?|The TR1492 train to peterborough leaves at 10:34 and arrives at 11:24, may I book this trip for you?
yes, book that for me and get me a reference number.|The booking was successful, the total fee is 13.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : GQSOT34U.
Thank you. Can you also help me find a hotel for my group?|Do have any hotel preferences like price or location?
The hotel name I am looking for is named Hamilton Lodge.|The Hamilton Lodge is a guesthouse located in the north. They are moderately priced and have a 3-star rating. They offer both free wifi and free parking.
Can you book that hotel for me for 1 person for 2 nights starting from Friday, please?|Booking was successful. Reference number is : Q52LOX3W. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, you have been a great help already.  Thanks, and have a nice day.  Bye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
Hi, I need to catch a train from London Liverpool Street on Wednesday. Can you please give me the schedule for that day?|TR7020	london liverpool street	cambridge	wednesday	05:39	07:07	16.60 pounds	88 minutes	 TR8813	london liverpool street	cambridge	wednesday	07:39	09:07	16.60 pounds	88 minutes	 TR7519	london liverpool street	cambridge	wednesday	09:39	11:07	16.60 pounds	88 minutes	 TR4161	london liverpool street	cambridge	wednesday	11:39	13:07	16.60 pounds	88 minutes	 TR2826	london liverpool street	cambridge	wednesday	13:39	15:07	16.60 pounds	88 minutes
It looks like TR4161 from london liverpool street to Cambridge, leaving on  wednesday at 11:39, fits my schedule.|Great, would you like me to book that for you? How many people?
Yes, please. Two of us are traveling together.|I have booked you two tickets. Your reference number is L0HYQ28Z
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.|welcome again some other time
I want to dine at a Chinese food place in the centre area.|What is your price range for this restaurant?
I do not have a price preference.|How about the rice house it is cheap and located at 88 Mill Road city centre?
That sounds perfect. I would like to book a table for sunday.|Ok I will book that for you and get you a confirmation number
I am looking for information in Cambridge|And *I* am looking to give you information. Perfect match! What would you like to know?
Can you find me alpha-milton guest hotel?|It is located in the north at 63 milton road
Well I'm not certain. I was hoping you could tell me. Is there more than one guest hotel named alpha-milton?|No, just the one.  Can I help you with any other information?
no, that's all. thanks! goodbye|Thank you for allowing me to assist you today. Goodbye!
Hey. I'm looking for a train from stansted airport.|What day will you be traveling?
I plan to go on tuesday.|What is your destination ?
My destination is cambridge.|There are several.  Do you have a time you need to travel specifically?
The train should arrive by 10:00 if at all possible.|There are trains departing every hour.  TR5077 would get in in at 8:52, does that work for you?
That sounds perfect. Can I get the reference number from the booking?|How many tickets would you like?
I would like 4 tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : WWW231NO. Is there anything else you need?
I've heard that the only trains out of Cambridge leave before 8:00. That's not really true, is it?|No, it certainly isn't.
Is there a train that departs from cambridge after 08:00 on Wednesday that goes to birmingham new street?|There is.  There is actually an 08:01 but that might be too close.  How about a 09:01?
The 08:01 is fine actually. Can you book it for 6 people?|Sure thing, the reference number is D6UJRBDF
Thank you. I also need information about finches bed and breakfast.|Finches bed and breakfastis a guesthousein the west area.it is cheap and in the 4 star range.their number is 01223276653	and cb30nd. it is located in 144 thornton road.
I need to take a train into Norwich on Monday.|We have 19 trains heading to Norwich on Monday. What would be your point of departure on that day?
Cambridge, and I need to leave after 18:00.|Train TR6688 would work, would you like me to book you passage?
Sure, we have a group of 7 people.|Booking was successful. Total fee is 123.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is E0JGKV67
Can you recommend any kind of entertainment in town?|There are lots of things to do, did you have an area preference?
no area preferences really anywhere in town would be perfect.|I would suggest the funk fun house.
That sounds great. I'll need the address, area, and entrance fee, please?|Sure thing the address is 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate. In the east side of town and there is no info fee information.
that is all i wanted for today thanks|I am gald i can help. enjoy
Would you be able to find me a train leaving on Sunday?|Certainly. Can you please tell me the location you are departing from and where you would like to go?
I will be going to leicaster from cambridge, departing after 18:45 please|I have train TR9831 leaving at 19:21 and arriving at 21:06. Would that suffice?
Yes, that will work out great. Can you please book me 7 tickets for that train?|Okay, I've booked 7 tickets for that train. The reference number is STM2J29A. Is there any other information you need?
That's all that I needed today, thank you!|It was a pleasure to help. We hope you will use our service again in the future. Have a wonderful night.
Hi. Help me with a train schedule, please.|I'd be happy to help. Let's start with a few questions; which station would you like to depart from and where would you like to go?
I am looking to depart from Cambridge, and I am going to London Kings Cross.|Okay, great. What day are you wanting to travel?
I would like to go on Wednesday.|how about TR3702 that leaves at 05:00?
That sounds great! I'd like to buy one ticket please.|Could you please confirm if you need to arrive by any particular time?
I really must arrive by 18:15 to make my meeting.|TR3843 will arrive by 17:51, does this suit your needs?
Yes, can you book it for 5 people and please give me the reference number.|Your reference number is KPVWZHWS. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's everything. Thanks so much for your help. Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Have a nice day!
I want a train that leaves after 10:30 and it needs to leave on Thursday.|There are many that leave that day after 10:30, where are you leaving from and headed?
I am leaving from Bishops Stortford and heading into Cambridge.|The earliest option would leave at 11:29. Shall I book it for you?
Yes, I need a booking for 5 people and please provide the reference number.|I have booked it here is the information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 50.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : R4CR5ASG.
Thank you. I am also looking for a moderately priced hotel in the East.|There aren't any moderately priced hotels in that region. Do you want to look for something else?
I am looking for an expensive priced Chinese restaurant|There are a few places in the area you could try. The Ugly Duckling, Yu Garden, and Hakka have great food and are in your price range.
Okay, what is the address and phone number for Ugly Duckling?|The address is 12 St. Johns Street City Centre. We do not have the phone number available in our database.
That's alright. I'm also looking for a train booking too. I need to go to cambridge from london liverpool street.|What day and time?
I need to arrive by 17:45 on Tuesday|I can book your on the TR1395 on Tuesday. It leaves Cambridge at 13:39 and you'll be there by 15:07. Would you like anything else?
Please book this train for 2 people and provide the reference number.|Your train is all booked, your reference number is 5482NXX6.
Ok, great that's everything I needed. Thank You!|Happy to be of service. Enjoy your day!
Hello, I need a train to London Kings Cross after 21:45, please.|There are several going to kings cross, where are you departing from and when do you went to leave?
I'm leaving from Cambridge on Monday.|TR2634 can get you there by 21:00 it is 23.60 pounds per person, would you like me to book you?
Yes please book it for one person.|Your reference number is M5L3KBEV. Do you need anything else?
Im also looking for a restaurant by the name of bedouin.|Bedouin is a wonderful African restaurant in the center of town. It's a little expensive, but the food and service is outstanding.
can you book that for me.|Yes, I would be happy to do that for you. How many people would there be for that reservation?
Actually can i just have the phone number instead?|The phone umber for bedouin is 01223367660. Can I help with anything else?
No, that's all the information I wanted. Thank you so much for all your help.|is there anything else i can help you with?
That should be it. Thanks.  Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I'm looking for an attraction in the center of town.|There are many churches in the center of town. Would any of those interest you?
Yes that sounds lovely. Do any of those listed charge an entrance fee?|Great Saint Mary's Church charges a fee of 2 pounds, but it is the only church with a fee listed.
Ok, could you also give me the phone number and postcode for that?|The phone number is 01223350914 and postcode is cb23pq
I'm also looking for a train that leaves from Cambridge after 20:15 on Sunday going to Peterborough.|TR6958 leaves cambridge at 20:34. Would you like to book this train?
Yes please make a booking for 7 people|Fine. Your fee is 92.4 GBP payable at the station and your reference number is T6LUYKFN.
Great thank you that should be all|You're welcome!  Have a great day!
I am going to be visiting and need a guesthouse.|There are 24 guesthouses across the city.  Is there a certain part of town where you would like to stay?
Yes, I am hoping to stay in the centre.|There are two options. Alexander Bed and Breakfast and El Shaddai. Would you like a reservation at one of these two choices?
Do either of those have a 0 star rating and are in a cheap price range?|Yes, the El Shaddai has a 0 star rating and falls in the cheap price range. They're located in the city centre as well. Would you like to book a room?
Hmm, do they have internet?|Yes, both have internet and parking.
Can I have the postcode for that one please?|Sure. Their postcode is cb11eg. I can book a room for you if you would like?
I'm not sure if I'm ready to book, but I'd like to also find a train if I can please.|I have over 2,800 listings for train departures. Where are you looking to go? And when?
I'm leaving cambridge on wednesday and going to stevenage.|Ok, the first train from cambridge to stevenage leave at 05:21, there is a train every two hours until 23:21, any time preference?
I need it to leave after 08:30.|TR8913 will leave at 09:21, would that work for you?
That sounds perfect. Can you make a booking for me for 6?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 76.8 GBP payable at the station    Reference number is : 4OCMA9VI.
Okay, thanks a lot.|Is there anything else you need today?
No, that will be all. Thanks for all of your help!|You're welcome. Enjoy your trip!
Hello, I need to catch a train on Friday.  Can you help me find one leaving after 11:30?|What are your departure and arrival locations?
I'll be going from cambridge to broxbourne.|I have a train that leaves at 12:01 and arrives by 13:01. Would you like me to book that train?
Yes, I will need 2 tickets please.|Train id TR4266 leaves at 12:01 and arrives at 13:01.  Would you like me to book that one?
Yes, for 2 people please. Can I also get the reference #? Thanks!|Your booking was successful. You will owe 35.79 GBP at the station and your reference number is: TQICKHXG. Can I assist you with anything else?
No, there is nothing else I need today. thank you. Goodbye.|Thanks for using our system!
I need a train out of london kings cross please. I'm headed to cambridge|Okay! What day would you like to leave?
I need to get there at 09:45 on Monday.|The TR9276 arrives at 8:08. Would that work for you?
Yes, I'll need one ticket.|That booking was successful and your reference number is 5150NQ2A.
Thanks. I'm also looking for places to go in the centre.|We have many fine attractions in the center of town. Might I suggest a ride on The Cambridge Punter?
What is their entrance fee?|I don't have any information on their entrance fee. Their phone number is 07807718591 if you would like to call and get that information.
Ok thank you that's all I need today.|have a great day!
Hi, can you help me find a train departing from Cambridge?|What is your destination?
I am going to leicester|It looks like trains run along that route every hour. Is there a certain day and time you'd like to know about?
I'd like to leave after 20:15.|There are 28 trains that leave after 20:15, what time would you like to arrive by or does it matter?
No, the arrival time does not matter. I need to book 4 tickets.|Alright, I booked you 4 tickets on TR5159, leaving Cambridge at 20:21 and arriving in Leicester at 22:06 on Friday. Your reference number is VKVT7CTT.
Great!  Also, I'm looking for the Ashley Hotel.  Can you give me their phone number please?|The phone number for the Ashley Hotel is 01223350059.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay. Great. That is all I needed.|Okay perfect!  Have a great trip and please let us know if you need assistance with anything else!
Thank you for your help, have a great day.|You are certainly welcome.
I'm looking for a train from london liverpool street.|I have many trains that leave from London Liverpool Street. When would you like to leave?
I would like to leave on Sunday to Cambridge and get there by 16:00 or before.|There are 5 options on Sunday from london liverpool street to cambridge. Would Sunday early morning be better? You could arrive by 07:07. Or would you prefer later in the morning?
I would prefer later in the morning if possible.|The TR9835 train leaves at 11:39. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please. I'll need to book for 6 people.|Alright, you're all booked, your reference number is A6PU52R6. Anything else I can get for you?
I'd like a place to stay in the east of the city.|There are 6 guesthouses and 1 hotel in the east of Cambridge, ranging from cheap to expensive.  Do you have a preference?
Are any of them moderately priced with free wifi included?|Yes. I would recommend the Carolina Bed and Breakfast. Would you like to go ahead and book a room?
Yes please, I'll need a reservation for the same 6 people for 2 nights starting on Sunday.|Your reservation has been made at the Carolina Bed and Breakfast for 2 nights, including 6 people, beginning on Sunday. Ref# LHN3BIBK. Is there anything else I can yelp you with?
That is all I needed for today. Thank You!|Thank you and please contact us again if you need anything else.
I am looking for a 2 star hotel with free wifi.|There are three hotel types available. Do you want a specific area or price range?
I am looking for a hotel near the city center moderately priced.|There aren't any that match your criteria in the centre. Any other suggestions?
I would like a hotel in the north please.|Sure, we have 2 hotels in the north, ashley hotel and lovell lodge. Would you like to book one?
Which one has nights available from Thursday to Tuesday?|I'm not sure. I will need to attempt a booking to give you that information. Which would you like to book?
Please book the Ashley hotel for 1 person for 5 nights starting on Thursday|You're all set! Your reference number is JUZ789Y1. How else may I help you?
Thank you!  I also need a train from cambridge to london kings cross.  I need to depart after 16:00.|There are 28 trains meeting that criteria. What day are you wanting to leave?
I need a train for 1 from Cambridge leaving after 16:00 heading to London Kings Cross. Can you find any trains for that time and send me a reference number?|Is there a specific day that you want to travel? What time do you want to arrive by?
Tuesday and I would like to leave after 16:00.|There's a train on Friday leaving at 17:00. Should I book it?
Yes, please. Just the one ticket.|Your booking is successful. The total fee is 23.6 GBP and your booking reference number is DOS0ARZU.
Looks like you are all set.  Goodbye!|Thank you.  Please do not hestitate to call if require further assistance.
Can you help me find a nice 4 star hotel?|I would love to! Do you have a price range in mind?
Yes, I do. I would like a hotel that is expensive in price.|I have two hotels available one in the west and one in the centre. Do you have a preference?
The one in the centre would be ideal. There will be 7 people staying for 2 nights, starting Tuesday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : VZF6OEIK. anything else today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train departing from Cambridge and heading to Stansted Airport. Can you please help?|Which day & what time are you heading to the airport?
I want a train for tuesday that departs after 09:30|There are 15 trains available. Should I book a train for you?
Yes, please choose the earliest one after 09:30 and book it for 7 people. And don't forget to send the reference number!|Booking was successful for a train departing at 09:40. The reference number is NJ1GZ4Y0. Will there be anything else today?
That is all I needed, good day to you.|You're welcome. Have a nice day!
I'm looking for places go to in the south of town.|The attraction types in the south area are theatre, park, nightclub, museum, cinema, and entertainment. Which one are you interested in?
I am interested in cinemas specifically.|The Cineworld Cinema is in the South part of town. Their phone number is 00872208000. Would you like their address?
Yes, please give me the address and postcode.|It's located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way and the postcode is cb17dy
Excellent. I'd also like a train please. One that leaves from london liverpool street to cambridge.|There are 70 trains that leave from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge, what day and time would you like to leave?
The first train after 21:15 works for me. I need to book it for three people, please provide the reference number.|I can certainly book that for you! However, could you let me know what day of the week you'll be travelling?
I will be traveling on Monday, and I will need the reference number as well.|That would be TR5906 at 21:39 on Monday.
Thank you so much for all your help.|I have booked 3 tickets for you for 49.8gbp payable at the station. your reference number is ETOI91ON
Great! Thank you. What a relief.|Will you be needing anything else today?
No thank you. That is everything I need at this time.|Great, have a wonderful day!
Hello! I'm looking for a train leaving on thursday departing from bishops stortford.|OK, and what time are you traveling?
I'd like to leave after 21:30.|Train TR3000 leaves Bishops Strotford for Cambridge on Thursday at 23:39. Will this suit your needs?
That would work for me can I get tickets for 3 people?|Great! I have booked TR3000 for 3 people at 23:29. Your Reference number is : FOPYB8UC. May I help with anything else?
No, that is all I really needed. Thanks. Have a great day!|Glad I could help!
I need a train from kings lynn, please.|What day and what time?
I would like to leave on Thursday and arrive by 15:15.|I found 10 trains that match. How about TR2788 that leaves at 05:11?
that sounds fine. book for 8 people and get me the reference number|I booked the train. Your reference is 8FYR7N4L and it was 78.4 total.
Great! Can you also recommend something interesting to do while I am in town?|Little saint mary's church	has some great architecture you could check out
Is that in the Centre? If so, could I get the postcode, and how much the entrance fee is?|Sure thing! their postcode is cb58bs and there is no entrance fees to get in
Great, that's all I needed!|Wonderful! Have a great day!
Can you help me find a train please?|Sure! Where are you headed?
I am headed to Cambridge this week.|Where are you leaving from, please?
I will leave from Leicester.|What day would you like to leave?
Friday is preferable.|There are trains running from Leicester to Cambridge every hour from 5:09 to 23:09 on Friday. Did you have a particular time in mind? Would you like to book tickets?
I'd like whichever arrives by 16:15 please.|TR6247 leaves Leicester at 14:09 Friday and arrives in Cambridge at 15:54. Will that work for you?
That will be fine. book for 3 people|Alright. Booking was successful. Your reference number is 87MI5OVY.
Thanks for your help. That's all I need.|You're welcome. Have a great day.
Hi, I am looking for a hotel to stay in in east cambridge.|Certainly, there are 6 guesthouses, and one hotel. Do you have any preferences I should include?
The hotel in question ideally would be in the expensive price range. It doesn't need to have free parking, though.|Your best bet would be the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge. It is an expensive 2-star hotel in the east area of town with free wifi and free parking.
If there are not any hotels that do not include free parking then that place will do.|Great. How many guests should I make a reservation for and what nights would you like to stay?
There will be 3 guests for 2 nights starting Sunday.|I'm sorry, I was unable to book with those constraints, would you like to try another day or a shorter stay?
Would it be possible to book this for one night?|I was able to book one night starting Sunday for 3 guests. Your reference number is 1OOWMJEN. Would you like anything else?
Yes, I also need a train to Birmingham New Street.|I just need some more information. Where are you departing from? What day and what time do you need to leave and arrive by?
I would like to depart from cambridge on monday.|I have 19 available trains. TR6628 leaves at 08:01 and arrives at 10:44. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please, for the same 3 people. And can I have the reference number?|I've completed your booking! The reference number for your train is X4WPOS52. The total cost is 225.3 GBP and is payable at the station. Can I help with anything else?
No, that'll be all. Thank you so much for all of your help!|We are happy to be of help. Thank you for using our service.
I need a place to dine during my trip. It needs to be in the east and serve northern european food.|I'm afraid I don't have any matches. Do you have any other preferences?
Can you see if there's any Indian restaurant?|Sure.  There is a moderately priced restaurant called Curry Prince.  Would you like to go there?
Yes. Please book us a spot for 7 people on Thursday at 13:00.|I was able to book you a table. Your reference number is F75434P4. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I also need a train on Thursday. London Liverpool to Cambridge.|There are three trains that arrive before 13:00. The closest arrival would be 11:07. What time would you like to depart?
actually i want to arrive before 10:45 if possible.|TR8805 will leave at 7:39 and arrive by 9:07. It will cost 16.60 pounds per ticket. Would you like to book seats?
Yes, I would like that for 7 people as well.|okay your total is 116.2 GBP payable at the station and your confirmation is 40B9LTO9.
Great thank you for all your help today.|Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
I need a train to cambridge on monday.|We have many trains heading to Cambridge on Monday. What is your point of departure for that day?
I want to go to ely and arrive by 11:15.|I'm sorry for the confusion, just to verify-are you departing from Cambridge with Ely as your destination?
No, sorry, I am traveling to Cambridge from Ely.|I have train TR2013 leaving at 5:50 and arriving at 6:07. Would you like to make reservations for that?
Yes please. Make a booking for 6 people and send me the reference number|You are booked and ready to go. Your reference number is 9QJPHZUT. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I need a place to go in the centre.|In the centre, we have more than 40 attractions. Everything from museums, colleges, nightclubs, boating, theatres, etc. Is there something you have in mind?
What are the theatres options?|There are four theatre options all in the centre.  Would you like to try the Mumford Theatre?
Sure. What's the postcode?|postcode is cb11pt.
Thank you for your help. Have a great day.|your very welcome!
Good morning!  I need to take a train to Cambridge on Tuesday.|I'm sure we can accommodate you. Where are you departing from?
I'm looking to leave from ely and arrive by 12:15|Okay, the TR3412 leaves at 11:35 and arrives by 11:52. Would you like me to book tickets?
Yes, that would be great. I would like to book a ticket for 4 people.|I booked your train ride. Your reference number is CRLMATVB and it will cost 13.2 GBP when you go to the station.
Thanks. I am looking for an asian oriental restaurant in the centre. Do you have any?|I have options ranging from cheap to expensive. If price is no issue, Kymmoy is the best.
I need something moderately priced.|J restaurant meets your requirements.
Sounds good. Can I have their address?|Yes. The address is 86 Regent Street, City Centre. Can I book a reservation for you?
No, I'm just figuring out my options right now.  You have been very helpful, that is all I need for today.  Bye.|Let me know if I can help more.
Hi.  I need to find a hotel, can you help me?|Yes, where would you like to stay and in what price range?
I would like to stay in the northern area. I don't have a specific price range, but the hotel doesn't need to have the internet.|I have several hotels and guesthouses available. Do you have a preference?
I prefer a hotel.|There are two hotels to choose from. Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge. Both are moderately priced and have wifi and parking.
How much is each hotel?|They are each moderately priced.  I don't have any more specific information.
Pick one for me. Book it for 1 person for 5 nights starting from wednesday.|I was able to book you at the Ashley Hotel. Your reference number is CPBUEMWR. It is located at 365 Milton Road in the north. Their phone number is 01223350059.
I am also looking for a train departing from cambridge that is going to london kings cross.|Which day would you like to leave on?
I'd like to leave on Monday after 8:30.|Sure, the first train to london kings cross leaves at 9:00. Shall I book it for you, if so for how many people?
just one person please.|Booking was successful on TR7409, the total fee is 23.6 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : GSY1O89D. Can I be of any further assistance?
That's all I need today, thanks!|No problem.  Enjoy your travels!
Can you give me some suggestions on restaurants? I'm interested in a cheap Mediterranean restaurant.|The Gardenia in Centre meets your specifications, would you like the address?
That sounds like a great restaurant. Is it really good?|Yes, it is wonderful food in the centre of town.  Can I reserve a table for you?
Sure! It's a party of 4, and we'd like to eat at 18:00 on Wednesday. Can I get the reference number, too?|Great I was able to book that reference number is 3HFQTSAU.
Thanks so much. Are you able to help with train schedules too?|Yes of course, can I get information on your departure and arrival locations?
I need to travel from Cambridge to Stansted Airport.|What day and time are you wanting to leave or arrive?
I want to leave from Cambridge on Thursday and arrive by 16:00 on that same day.|How about the TR6456? It arrives at 15:08.
That will work. Could you reserve 4 seats on that train for me?|I was able to book you 4 tickets. Your reference number is R9X7VU6W. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that is everything that I needed.  Thank you so much for all of your help!  Goodbye!|Thank you for using our service today.
I am planning to visit Cambridge and I will need a place to stay.|I have many listing fitting that description, can you narrow down the specifications a bit?
The hotel I am looking for is called allenbell.|Allenbell is found in East region and in the price range of cheap and has a rating of 4 stars.
That works great. Can you book it for 3 people for 4 nights starting on Friday.|It has been booked reference number PIEH7MFG
Thank you. I appreciate that. Can you also help me find a train into Norwich?|Where are you leaving from?
I'll be leaving from Cambridge on tuesday.|There are 19 trains available on Tuesday. Did you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
Yes, actually. I'd prefer to leave sometime after 12:45, please.|For how many people?
For 3 people, please. And can I get a reference number please?|TR1659 departs at 14:36 on Tuesday. I have three seats booked for you. Your reference number is  BCP0Y15D and you will pay at the station.
How much will it cost me?|The cost is 17.60 pounds.
Great that's all I needed today, thank you.|We're happy to be of service. Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre!
Hi, I'm looking to book a room in the ashley hotel.|Sure, on what day do you need the room and for how many?
First could you tell me what type of hotel this is and if they provide internet?|This is a hotel with a star of 2 that does indeed provide internet. Would you like for me to book it?
Yes. I am also looking for a train to peterborough from cambridge.|Certainly, what day would you like to travel and is there an arrival or departure time I can search for you?
Yes. The train should leave after 11:45 and leave on tuesday.|TrainID TR0613 leaves Cambridge to Peterborough at 12:06 on Tuesday. Does that work for you?
Yes, that works perfectly. Book a ticket for one person, and please send me the reference number. Thank you.|Your ticket has been booked. The reference number will be provided shortly.
Thank you so much.|The reference number is SXPJJGGN.
Great thank you for your help|Did you want me to book the Ashley Hotel for you?  If so, can I get the number of people and number of nights please?
No thank you.|Wonderful! You have a great evening.
Looking for atrain leaving on Tuesday to Cambridge.|I found 202 trains matching your request. Where is your destination?
That's a lot. I am going to Peterborough.|Are you wanting to arrive in Peterborough by a certain time?
The train should leave after 15:30 and should go to peterborough.|There are several trains that fit your requirements. Is there a specific time you'd like to arrive?
No, I can arrive at anytime.|Train ID	TR9561 Price	16.50 pounds Reference number is : YYF3B1A5.
Ok great, thanks for the help.|You are quite welcome. Do you need any further assistance?
No, that is all. Good bye.|Thank you so much for calling. Goodbye now!
Hi, I am looking for information on a place to stay.|Sure, are you looking for anything specific?
Yes a four star hotel that is cheap.|The Cambridge Belfry is a cheap hotel with a 4 star rating.  It's at Back Lane, cambourne.  Can I book it?
Is that a guesthouse? That is the type I am looking for.|There are 7 guest houses that are cheap, which part if town did you have in mind?
I don't care about price. I just need a place to stay in the north that's 4 stars.|There are eight guesthouses in the north. I recommend home from home it has free internet and parking. Would you like me to book that?
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|What sort of information are you looking for?
Can I have some information about the Ashley hotel? Does it have internet?|Yes, Ashley Hotel has internet and free parking. It is located in the north and is on 74 Chesterton Road. Would you like me to book a room?
What is the price range of the Ashley? Also, it's a hotel, right? not a guest house?|it is moderately priced. can i book for you?
Not at this time but I would like a train departing from Stevenage going to Cambridge on a Monday leaving after 15:00.|TR9525 leaves at 15:54 will that work for you?
Yes, please make a booking for 5 people. Kindly give me the reference number when you have completed it.|your all set ref # is 4HJ91CVH. Anything else today?
That is all, thank you!|Ok. Thank you and goodbye.
I need to take a train out of Cambridge on Sunday.|Okay. What's your destination?
I would like to go to Stevenage after 08:00 please.|TR6488 leaves at 09:21 and gets to Stevenage by 10:10. Will that train work for you?
Can I make a reservation for 2 people and get a confirmation number?|I have confirmed booking for 2, the total fee is 20.48 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is MRVAFSWE. Would you like help finding anything else?
I also need to find an attraction called kings hedges learner pool.|kings hedges leaner pool is located at jedburgh court, kings hedges. their phone number is 122 335 3248.
What is the postcode?|The swimming pool's postcode is cb42xh. Do you need any more information?
That is all, thank you very much for the help!|The Parkside Police Station phone number is 01223358966 located Parkside, Cambridge CB11JG
Thank you. That's all I needed.|Okay. I am glad I could be of assistance.
I need a restaurant that is in the expensive price range and that serves Indian food.|Tandoori Palace is on the west side.  Would you like me to book a table?
That would be wonderful, yes please.|Alright. Can you give me more information on your party?
Please give me their address first.|Certainly, they are located at 68 Histon Road Chesterton, would you like me to book you now?
I also will need a train departing from cambridge going to birmingham new street.|What time would you like the train to be for?
I would like a train to leave after 10:30 on Saturday.|We have five trains leaving around that time, do you have a time that you need to arrive by?
No, I am just looking for a train that leaves after 10:30, as close to 10:30 as possible.|Okay, the train you want is the TR5669, which leaves at 11:01.
Could you book that for 3 people please? I'd also like to get the reference number.|Sure, your reservation number is OWUZBV5P. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No thank you. That was all I needed.|Thank you and enjoy your visit to cambridge. Have a great day.
What train can I take to get to Cambridge from Leicester?|I can definitely help you with finding a train. It would help to start with which day you would like to travel on.
I need to leave on Friday.|What time would you prefer?
I'd like to leave after 9, and I need one ticket, please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 37.79 GBP  and it is payable at the station
Could I have the reference number please?|Absolutely, the reference number for your booked space is TCR6N0NV. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for moderate priced Asian food.|Are you looking for asian oriental? If so, I have the Yippee Noodle Bar in the centre of town. Would you like more information or a reservation for them?
Yes, that sounds good. Please book a table for 1 at 20:00 on friday.|I have a table reserved for you. Your reference number is 0znem1mc. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all. thanks, goodbye.|Have a good day.  Good bye.
I'm looking for a train departing from Stantsted Airport going to Cambridge.|I found 133 train trips, do you have a date and time you would like to travel?
I want to leave on wednesday and arrive by 10:15.|There are 5 trains arriving by 10:15, would you like to book one leaving at 8:24 and arriving at 8:52?
Yes, that will be good!  I need eight tickets, please.|You now have 8 tickets on the TR7667. Your reference number is A1S8REZC and your total will be 80.8 GBP, payable at the station. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Can you also give me some information on the Leverton House hotel?|I certainly can. What would you like to know about the Leverton House?
What is the address of the hotel?|The address is 732-734 newmarket road. Do you need any more information?
What is their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223292094.
Thanks! That's all I needed. Goodbye!|You're welcome.  Please let us know if you need any more assistance?
I am looking for something entertaining in the south.|We have several attractions in the South. Which would you be most interested in; cinema, entertainment, museum, night club, park or theatre?
I am looking for an entertainment type attraction.|great! i have two options for you to choose from!
Just pick one for me and send me their poscode, phone number and address.|Nusha is located at Unit G6, Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Road. Their post code is cb17dy, and their phone number is 01223902158.
I also need a train from broxbourne.|I'd love to help! Where is the destination?
I'm going to Cambridge, leaving after 13:00.  I'll need to book for 7 people.  Can I get a reference number too please?|I booked you with TR7015 your reference number is K1AY8EKU.
Was that train on Saturday?  I don't remember telling you the day.|Sorry, I can fix that.  Did you need it for Saturday?
Yes please can you help?|Yes, I was able to fix that. I have a booking for seven people to leave Broxbourne on Saturday at 13:32. Total fee is 100.24 GBP, payable at the station. Reference number is WZZMBZQ4. Is there anything else?
No, I'm all set. Thanks!|i am glad i can help enjoy your stay !
I want general information on entertainment type places to go in the south.|Nusha and tenpin are two entertainment places in the south.  Are you interested in more information on one of them?
Yes, please give me the postcode and phone number to both places.  Thank you!|Nusha's phone number is 01223902158, and postcode is cb17dy. Tenpen's phone number is 08715501010, and postcode is cb17dy.
thank you thats alll that I need|Is there any other info you need?
No, I am all set.|Have a great time.
I think we're all done here. Thank you!|Your welcome. Have a great day.
I need a train to go from Cambridge to Norwich.|What day of the week are you looking to travel?
I am traveling on Sunday|What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to arrive by 13:45.|I have the TR7438 that will arrive at 12:55. Would you like a booking made today?
I would like to book that train for 4 people please.|7G6OJ8G2 is your  confirmation code. May I help you further?
yeah, I'm also looking for a place to stay. I don't like hotels, so a guesthouse would be better. Moderate in price.|There are several moderate priced guesthouses do you  have a preferred area that you want to stay in?
Yes, the hotel should be in the east and doesn't need to have free parking.|a and b guest house is a guesthouse in the east and it is moderate. Shall I book it ?
can I have the star rating and idf they have wi fi ?|The star rating is 4 and they do have free wifi.
OK, that's all I need for now. Thanks.|Great. I hope you have an excellent day.
Thanks you too Goodbye|Great! Have a good day.
Hello, I'd like to dine at a cheap restaurant in the centre. What do you suggest?|There are several what kind of food do you want?
How about Chinese food?|Try dojo noodle bar located at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre
Thank you. I am also looking to book a train which leaves on Sunday after 21:15.|I can definitely help with that. Where will you be traveling from/to?
I'll be going to broxbourne from cambridge.|The TR3697 leaves at 22:01 and arrives by 23:01. Would you like me to book this train?
Yes can you book that for 6 people and give me the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 85.92 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : S9DHM1KG. Can I help with anything else today?
Great that was all I needed today, thank you for your help|You are welcome. Have a lovely day.
I am looking for a train going to stevenage and departing from cambridge.|There are 70 trains, what day and time would you like to go?
I would like to arrive by 17:00 on Monday.|There are 6 trains available. What time would you like to depart?
Departure time doesn't matter, I just want to arrive by 17:00 Monday.|In that case, the TR2045 may be the train you want. It pulls into stevenage at 16:10.
Okay, book it for 8 people and get me the reference number. I'm also looking for a college in the south.|I was able to book the train for you. The reference number is NVL339KD.
I am also interested in visiting some colleges on the southern tip of town. Can you help me find those?|I'm sorry but I don't have any colleges listed in the south. I have plenty in the city center. Would you like to try a different venue or attraction type?
Yes, an entertainment venue would be great. Please give me an address to one you find.|Nusha is an entertainment venue in the south. The address is unit g6m cambridge leisure park, clifton road.
Okay. Thank you very much that is all I need.|Thank you and have a safe trip.
I'm looking for a train to Cambridge.|There are several trains leaving for Cambridge. The next one leaves at 5:17, would you like for me to book a ticket?
I need it to leave from birmingham new street.|What day will you be traveling?
On a wednesday|What time would you like to leave and arrive?
I would like to arrive by 13:15.|There is a 9:40 that would arrive by 12:23.  How does that sound?
sounds great. please book it for 8 peoople.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 600.79 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : HL9K5T9V. Anything else I can help with?
Thanks so much! Can you also help me find a restaurant in the centre that's mid-priced?|There are 21 restaurants that fit that criteria. Is there a specific type of food you want to eat?
Yes please - I'm craving British food.|I recommend Cotto, they're found on
You seem to have cut off? Anyway, can you book a table on Wednesday? It'll be 8 of us and we'll be coming in at 18:15.|Your reservation for cotto is all set! Your reference number is DXADBU6Q. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you that's all I needed today. Good bye.|Your welcome, I am glad I was able to help.
Hi.  I am looking for a train that goes to Cambridge on Saturday.  Can you help me?|There are 5 trains departing from London Kings Cross station to Cambridge on Saturday. Each will take 51 minutes. Is there a specific time you would prefer to depart?
I would like to leave after 12:00.|There is a train leaving London Kings Cross for Cambridge at 13:17 on Saturday. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, I will need to be on that train.|Okay, how many tickets would you like?
I need 8 tickets.|Your booking was successful. The total fee is 151.04 GBP and the booking number is X1NEC9S5. Thank you again.
Actually, I need to depart from Kings Lynn, not Kings Cross. Can you change that please?|TR7178 departs from kings lynn to cambridge saturday at 13:11, arriving cambridge at 13:58, would you like to book this one?
Yes, please book 8 tickets for that train.  May I please have the reference number?|Your reference number is POHLZ4EY and 62.72 GBP will be due at the station.  The train leaves Kings Lynn at 13:11.  Can I further assist you?
No, thank you. That is all.|You are welcome.  Have a nice day.  Bye.
I am looking for a train that'll leave on friday.|We have over 400 results. Can you provide me with more information, such as departure site and destination?
I'm going to Stevenage from Cambridge.  I need to arrive by 09:15.  Thanks for your help!|TR4800 leaves at 07:54 and arrives in Cambridge by 08:43, would you like to book a seat?
Yes can you make me a booking for 8 people?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 102.4 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 0B1WJ9DR. Will that be all?
Will you also check the hotel called Lovell lodge?|I'm sorry, I had to re-book your train, as I had the stations backwards.  TR2515 will get you to Stevenage by 6:10. Fee is 102.4 GBP, REF. #N3H045K3.
Great I also need the lovell lodge for 8 people for 2 nights starting wednesday.|I was able to book that room for you, ref #8XZZ0TYE. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all, you were very helpful.|You're welcome! Have a great day.
Help me find a train that leaves after 09:45 on Saturday.|The TR5170 departs at 11:00.  Would that work?
Does it depart from Leicester?|TR6678 departs from Leicester at 10:09 on Saturday. Shall I book that for you?
Yes please make a booking for 5 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 151.19 GBP payable at the station, your reference number is YYKJRD9R. Will that be all?
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to stay. It needs to be cheap and in the east.|There are three guesthouses that meet your criteria. I would recommend the Autumn House. Would you like me to book a room for you?
does it have free wifi and parking?|It sure does.  Can I get you more information?
Okay would you be able to make a reservation for me for 4 nights for 5 people starting Saturday?|Your booking is a success. Your reference number is: HHCGQ5HZ. Yes, it does have internet.
i need a train on tuesday out of kings lynn|What time of day would you like to leave?
I want to leave on Tuesday.|Do you have a time you'd like to leave?
I'd like to leave after 9:30.|Is that 9:30 AM or PM?
Looking for a train Tuesday leaving kings lynn after 9:30 to go to cambridge.|I'm sorry, I'm not seeing any trains for that time.  Would you like to try another time or a different route?
No, I'd like a train leaving after 09:30 departing from Kings Lynn and going to Cambridge. Please take another look?|There are no trains running at this time. Can I narrow your search in any way?
Wow...no, I really needed that time.  I guess not.  Thanks anyway.|I do have a train living at 10:11 of that would work for you.
Yes, that works. Please book for two people. Thanks for checking again.|It's my pleasure. You're booked with reference HXG3N56O. The total fee is 19.6 GBP payable at the station. May I help with anything else?
Perfect.  Thank you for your help.  Have a great day.  Bye.|Thank you for using our service, goodbye.
Have a nice day.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 19.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : HXG3N56O.
Hello, I am looking for a guesthouse in the west. Do you have any recommendations?|I do. Finches Bed and Breakfast is a gem, rated 4 stars, but inexpensive in price. They offer free wifi and free parking.
Is that one considered moderately priced? I'd prefer moderate over cheap.|It seems that Finches is quite cheap. However, Hobson's House also fits your description, and it is moderately priced.
How many stars are they rated and could I get the phone number?|Finches bed and breakfast has 4 stars. It's phone number is 01223276653 and Hobsons house has 3 stars.  It's phone number is 01223304906
Wonderful.  I will book with Finches tomorrow.  I am also looking for a train from Cambridge to Peterborough.|Is there a specific day and time you are looking to depart?
No.I do not have a specific day or time for departure.|Well then the most I can tell you is the journey last 50 minutes and costs 16.50 pounds.
Actually I do now. I need it to leave on a Sunday and arrive by 16:30.|I found you the TR 3434 that leaves at 15:06 and arrives by 15:56. Would you like to book some tickets?
Yes can you book two please?|TR3434 has been booked for two tickets. Your reference number is HCZPLE1G.
Thank you. That is all I need.|Have a great trip. Good bye.
I'm looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range in the centre, please.|Yes I have Asian, British, International, European and Italian to name a few. Any preferences?
I would prefer Lebanese food.|There is Ali baba restaurant in the centre in modest price range. Would you like me to book a table for you?
yes for 3 people at 13:45 on wednesday and a reference number bplease|I was able to book you for 3 people on Wednesday at 13:45.  Your reference number is X1ZSIHLS.  Can I help you with anything else?
I also need as train going to leicester.|Ok, great. What day will you be traveling?
I'll be leaving on Thursday|There are trains going to Leicester at 21 minutes past the hour, every hour, starting at 05:21. What time would you like to travel?
I'd like one that leaves after 10:45|TR5908 leaves Cambridge at 11:21 and arrives in Leicester at 13:06. Will that work for you?
Thanks so much you have been great! Gold stars for you!|Thank you for using our system today.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the north that serves basque food, please.|I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants that meet your criteria. In fact, there are no basque restaurants in all of cambridge. Would you like to broaden your search?
No, that's okay.  Thanks for looking!|Thank you for contacting us.  Please ask again if you need more information.  Goodbye!
Now hold on just a minute. I'm still hungry. How about a Chinese restaurant instead?|Yes, there are 17 Chinese restaurants. Do you have a desired price range?
Moderate price range please.|Golden Wok is moderately priced in the north area.  Would you like to book a table here?
No but I am looking for a train fro Friday, leaving after 20:15.|OK, There are several trains leaving after 20:15. Where would you like to depart from and where is your destination?
The departure is from Cambridge and the destination is London Kings Cross, what was the postcode, phone number and address of the Golden Wok?|TR9876 leaves at 23:00. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, there will need to be a booking for 7 people for this train and I will need the reference number. Also, I need info on that restaurant.|Your train tickets have been booked and the reference number is 5SZK6BNU. The Golden Wok phone number is 01223350688 and is located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton, CB23PP
Actually, I think I also want to get the postcode, address, and phone number for the Golden Wok please.|Postcode: cb43nl, Address: 191 Histon Road Chesterton, Phone: 01223350688. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you. for your time.|You're welcome. Are you certain you don't need further assistance?
No thank you, that is everything I need. I appreciate it very much.|Thank you for letting me help you.  Enjoy your dinner.  Next time you need reservations we'll be here to help you.
I want to find a German restaurant please that's in the cheap price range.|Unfortunately, there are no German restaurants in the price range you requested. Would you like a different restaurant?
Perhaps there is one that serves Indian food. Indian food is also good.|Can I recommend Kohinoor? They serve budget friendly Indian food in the centre of town.
The Kohinoor sounds good. Could you book a table for 2 for me?|I'd be happy to reserve your table. What time would you like to dine?
It's for around 12:45 on Wednesday. And that was for 2 people please. Can I get the reference number then too please?|I was able to book a table for you at 12:45. The reference number is 0CUR7IQX.
I'm also looking for a train that leaves after 15:15 that arrives at Birmingham New Street.|Please book trainid TR8952 leaving cambridge at 16:01.
Thanks, could you book 2 tickets and let me know the reference number please?|Booked! Reference number is FGBPBWP1. Total fee is 150.19 GBP, paid at the station. Anything else?
That's everything. Thank you very much!|You are very welcome. Enjoy your day.
I want to dine in a place in the west.|There are many restaurant options available to you. What type of food would you like to eat and what is your price range?
I would like a restaurant that serves eritrean food and in the expensive price range.|Would you like European food?
No.  I said eritrean food.  Do yo have something?|I don't have anything that meets those requirements.
How about British food?|Yes I have three. When would you like the table reserved for and for how many?
Is one of those expensive? If so, book me a table there for Thursday for 8 people at 13:30 please.|There's actually two expensive places, graffiti and travellers rest. Which would you prefer?
Travellers Rest sounds good.|ok the address is huntingdon road in city centre, the phone # is 01223276182, and the postcode is cb30df.  will there be anything else ?
I am also looking for a train from Cambridge on Wednesday.|what is your destination?
Before I continue with the train details, was Travellers Rest booked? I didn't get a reference number.|My sincerest apologies for that. Yes, your booking is completed and the reference number is 64UQ7M3G
That is all I needed thank you.|You're very welcome! Have a great day! Bye!
Hello, I am looking for an Indonesian restaurant. Can you help me with that?|I'm so sorry, but I don't see any Indonesian restaurants. Will another cuisine do?
Oh really? Indonesian is the only cuisine I will consider.|My apologies, but there truly aren't any indonesian restaurants listed in all of Cambridge. Would you consider one that serves oriental or indian food?
how about one that serves italian food?|there are 22 of them. what is your price range?
It should be in the cheap price range and in the centre of town.|I have three to choose from. Would you like me to suggest something?
Yes, please. Which would you consider to be the most authentic?|pizza hut city centre is nice
I will try that.|Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, can you get me a table for 3 at the pizza hut?|Sure!  For what day, time and how many do you need it for?
I will be there on thursday at 5 pm. 6 people please.|Ok.  I was able to get you a table for 17:00.  Your reference number is N5G8UXRG.
I'm also looking for a train. The train should depart from cambridge and should arrive by 08:00.|what is your destination and which day could you like to travel?
I want to go to Stevenage, on Sunday.|The train leaves at 5:00.
Can you make a booking and give me its reference number?|Actually, it's at 5:21. If you still want to take that train, how many tickets would you like for me to book for you?
Yes, 3 tickets please.|Wonderful! I have booked 3 tickets for train TR5390 to stevenage on Sunday and your reference number is QKQURGH5. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, that will be all I need today.|Okay, great! Have a lovely visit!
I am looking for a particular attraction called The Place. I need more information about it.|Sure. It is a nightclub in the south area. Do you need the address or phone number?
Just the postcode and entrance fee I am afraid.|22 sidney street is the address
Could you please tell me the postcode?|Of course, sorry about that.  The postcode is cb23hg.  Can I be of any further assistance to you today?
What is the entrance fee for it?|Unfortunately, I am not sure of the entrance fee to The Place. You can call them to find out: 01223324600.
Thank you. I will also need a train from Cambridge to London Kings Cross on Tuesday, would you be able to help me?|I need some more information first. Is there a specific time you would like to leave or arrive by?
I would like the train to arrive by 16:00.|There are five trains that will arrive by 16:00, the train that arrives closes to that time is TR315 which arrives at 13:51
That one will work. Can you book it for 4 people?|I booked your train for 4 people. The reference number is T6X9JMIA and the total fee is 94.4 GBP. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be everything.  Thank you for you help.|Have a nice day.
Hi, I would like to find a place to stay in Cambridge with free wifi.|I have several different options. In order to narrow them down, is there a certain price rang you would prefer?
In the moderate price range please. Oh and it needs to be a guesthouse.|Alright, I have found 14 recommendations. Do you know what area you would prefer to stay in?
The area doesn't matter, but I need to know if they have free parking.|I'm sorry, but I'm running into some errors in my system. Could you please restate your hotel requirements?
I'm looking for a place to stay- a guesthouse. It needs to be in the moderate price range and needs to have free wifi.|I have the a and b guest house and it does have free internet. Would you like to book this?
Could you tell me what area it is in and whether it has free parking?|The A & B Guesthouse does not have free parking.
I also need a train for Friday departing from Ely to Cambridge for 5 people and arriving by 16:30. Can you book this and get a reference number for me?|The closest match for you would be the TR4389. You'll depart at 15:35 and arrive at 15:52. Reference number D40MV6A4. 22 GBP payable at the station.
Great thank you for your help today.|Thank you for using our system?
i need a train to bishops stortford that leaves after 16:30, please.|Where will you be travelling to?
I already told you.|Where will you be departing from and what day do you wish to travel?
I would like to leave on Tuesday, and depart from Cambridge.|The TR2153 departs Cambridge for Bishops Stortford on Tuesday at 17:29, would  you like to book a seat on this train?
Yeah. I need to book for 7 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.7 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : C2KPV8JC.
I also need a place to stay, I'd like possibly a guesthouse with free wifi.|Ok i will find you one as soon as possible and inform you thanks a lot
I want a train that goes to stansted airport and leaves from cambridge.|There are many that leave cambridge and go to stansted airport; what day would you like to leave and what time?
I need the train to leave after 09:15 on Saturday.|I have train TR2755 that will leave at 09:40 and put you at the airport by 10:08. Would that work for you? If not, I have later trains.
That train works well.|Would you like me to book this train for you?
Yes please. Get me 8 tickets for my party as well as a reference number.|Your reference number is UKOTND0A. Would you like anything else today?
I also need a hotel that has free parking. I don't need internet or anything like that.|I have 29 places to stay with free parking. Is there a price range you'd like to stay in?
Are any of the 29 places, guest houses?  I would actually prefer a hotel rather  than a guest house.|There are 8 hotels that match that description. Did you have a price range or area in mind?
I need a 4 star hotel in the east, please.|Sure.  There are six different options in that area.  What were you looking for as far as price range and amenities?
It really doesn't matter. I don't need internet.  I just for sure want a 4 star place.|Might I suggest the Autumn House. It is a cheaper guesthouse that offers both free parking and free internet. Would you like more info for them?
I think this is what I needed. Thanks.|Is there anything else that you need?
I need a room for 4 for 4 nights starting on Tuesday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 544D87NG.
Thank you! Can you also get me a train going to Cambridge that day?|Sure! I just need to know where you plan on departing from and what time you'd like to leave.
I want to leave from stevenage after 14:30.|TR1800 leaves at 15:54 and arrives at 16:43. Will that one work for you?
Yes, it will be fine.  I need tickets for the same group of people please.|Train TR1800 is booked. The total fee is 51.2 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is H0J6YFX. May I help with something else?
Thank you, that's all I need today.|Thank you for contacting us today and have a nice day.
I'm planning my trip and I need a train going to broxbourne and arrive by 17:30.|What is your departure site and what day are you travelling?
Im leaving Cambridge and it will be on Saturday|What time would you like to leave by?
I need to arrive by 17:30.|I have several trains available.  What time would you like to depart?
I am not particular about departure time, please book 6 seats on the one arriving earliest and let me know the reference number.|Reference number is : MO8SEC17.  Train ID TR8674. Is there anything else?
Yeah, I need to grab something to eat. I'm looking for a malay place in the centre of town.|Unfortunately there is no Malaysian food in the centre. Do you want a different type of food, or would you like me to search a different part of town?
How about some Indian food.  Is there any in the centre?|Sure, there are a number of options.  Did you have a certain price range in mind?
It doesn't matter, can you recommend one and book me a table for 6.|I would suggest Curry Garden. For what day should I make your reservation?
Yes please. I need a table for 6 at 12:45 on Saturday.|Your reservation for 6 people at Curry Garden this Saturday at 12:45 was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : AEN16UHV.
Thank you. You have answered all my questions and I am all set now. Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Is there a modern European restaurant in the north?|I found city stop restaurant. They are located at Cambridge City Football Club Milton Road Chesterton
That sounds lovely!|Would you like me to help you with reserving a table?
Maybe. Is that restaurant in the moderate price range?|No, they are in the expensive price range. Is this okay, or would you like to try another area?
How about a restaurant that serves Indian food?|There are several restaurants what part of town would you like it?
A restaurant in the north, please.|I was able to locate The Nirala in the north area which is moderately priced.  Would that work?
Sounds great! Can you make a reservation for 6 people at noontime on Sunday?|Reservation for sunday at 12:00 for 6 is made, her is your reference number: 2FWJ0KXT. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that will be all. Thank you.|Thank you and enjoy your visit to cambridge. Have a great day.
I need a train departing from cambridge and should arrive by 09:15.|There are several trains leaving Cambridge and arriving by 9:15, do you have a destination in mind?
I'm going to Leicester on Sunday.|The closest arrive time for leicester that I have is 09:06.  It leaves cambridge at 07:21.  How many people will be traveling?
There will be 2 of us. Can you please provide the reference number after you create the booking?|I have your tickets booked. The reference number is ZJP3WID9.
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to stay. I would like for it to have 4 star rating and free wifi.|I have a number of places so maybe we can narrow it down. Can you tell me what area of town you would like to stay?
I would like to stay in the east, there is no need for parking.|I think allenbell would be a good choice. Would you like me to book it?
No, I would just like the address and hotel type, please.|The Allenbell is a guesthouse. And they are located at 517a Coldham Lane. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you.  I appreciate your help today.  Goodbye!|you're welcome. its always a pleasure to serve you
Greetings, I am planning a trip in Cambridge and am looking for entertainment venues in the centre of town.|There are 5 different entertainment venues in cambridge, however known are located in the centre. Did you want to visit on in a different part of town? Maybe the east?
No I prefer the centre area.|We don't have anything listed under entertainment for the centre area, but there are a variety of other things to do. Are you interested in the theater or perhaps the cinema?
What about a museum in the center of town -- is there anything like that?|The Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology is located in the center of town.
Thank you can I have the entrance fee, postcode, and phone number?|Sure, there isn't an entrance fee, that's nice. The phone number is 01223333516 and the postcode is cb23dz.
I also need a train.|there are several trains, where is your departure and when?
I need to depart from Cambridge and arrive at Stevenage. I need to leave after 12:30 on Saturday.|It appears that TR6998 will be your best bet. It leaves at 13:21.
Okay, sounds good. Will you book that for 4 people and get me a reference number, please?|I have a 13:21 train departing Cambridge and arriving in Stevenage at 14:10 on Saturday. Would that work for you?
Yes, that's perfect!|Alright, your train tickets have been booked and your reference number is ZEWG9O60. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that was all, I got the reference number. Have a great day.|It has been my pleasure. Feel free to contact us with any questions that may arise.
I want to find a Chinese restaurant in the centre of Cambridge.|There are 10 choices and we have cheap, moderate and expensive options, any preference?
I would like a suggestion of a moderately priced Chinese place.|I recommend Jinling Noodle Bar.  It's located at 11 Peas Hill City Center.  Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes can you please for three at 17:00.|On what day would you like your reservation?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|What day would you like to dine on ?
I want a reservation for 2 people at 17:30 on thursday. Sorry, I don't know why I said the other thing before that. I must be going crazy.|Your table was booked. Your reference number is 42XEDGDF. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a Friday train to Broxbourne.|Certainly. Will you be departing from Cambridge? What time would you like to leave after or arrive by? There are departures every hour from 5:01 through 23:01.
I would like to leave Cambridge after 15:45.|The next train after 15:45 leaves at 17:01 from Cambridge. Would you like to book this train?
Yes, please book it and provide the reference number.|How many train tickets would you like to book?
2 please and I need a ref. number.|Okay, booked it and your ref. is TJGHMT3I.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!|Thank you. Let me know if there is anything else I can assist you with.
Hi, can you please give me information on the restaurant The Gardenia?|The Gardenia serves cheap mediterranean food in the city centre. Would you like the address, or have me book you a table?
I'd like a table for 4 on Monday please.|What time will you be dining?
We'll be dining at 15:30. Please send the reference number once you're done.|Your reference number is KIXYYGY0. Do you need anything else?
Thank you. Can you help me book a train to cambridge?|What is your destination and departure location?
I will leave from Stevenage and head to Cambridge.|I have a number of trains leaving from stevenbridge to cambridge on friday. Do you have a time preference?
Yes, can you book tickets for 4 on a train that arrives at or just before 11:30?|ok its book reference # is ZJXDBRKW
Great that's all I needed help with today, thank you.|Thank you for using our service today!
I'm looking for a place to stay in Cambridge, moderate price for a hotel.|Are there any amenities that you are looking for? Parking? Internet?
I'd like free parking.|What area would you like to stay in?
I don't really have a preference for area. But I would like it to be a hotel rather than a guesthouse. And I would love free parking.|We have ashley hotel and lovell lodge, shall I book you for one of the two?
I need it for 7 people. 5 nights starting Sunday.|Which of the 2 hotels should I book for you?
How about the Ashley Hotel?|Booking was successful. Reference number is L1S8JNAC. Do you need anything else?
I am also looking for a train departing from stansted airport going to cambridge on sunday.  I need to leave after 19:30.|TR2021 is leaving at 20:24 would that work for you?
Yes, please make a booking for my group. We'll all be traveling together.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 56.56 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : EZIAXWCQ. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you that is all I needed today.|Great! I'm glad I could be of help. Have a good day.
I need a train from cambridge on sunday.|There are several trains that match the criteria. what time do you want t leave?
I am thinking the morning would be better for me.|I can try to find something for you in the morning. Do you have a more specific time in mind?
I'd like to leave after 09:00 and head to Peterborough.|I have train TR3211 that leaves at 09:06 and will have you in Peterborough at 09:56. Would that work for you?
Yes please make a booking for 4 people.|I am trying to book you on Train ID TR3211 and the cost for one person is 13.2 pounds. Please may i have the data of the four passengers?
Just need the four tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is L3RH9ZWP. Do you need anything else?
I also need information on  a hotel called hobsons house.|Hobsons House if a guesthouse located in the west and is moderately priced.  It has a 3 star rating and is located at 96 Barton Rd. Book it for you?
I would like to find an Italian restaurant that's expensively priced.|Clowns Cafe at 54 King Street City Centre would work well for you. Would you like me to book it?
I want to book a table for 6 people at 20:00 on thursday.|Unfortunately I wasn't able to book that time for you. Would you like to try for another time or day?
Yes please. Can you try 19:00 instead?|Booking was successful.  Reference number is : SUTXD8Y6.  is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I need a train out of cambridge on Friday.|I can book you one that leaves at 05:00. How many tickets would you like?
I need 6 tickets please.|I have 202 results. Where would you like to arrive?
I need it to arrive at Birmingham New Street|Okay there are 19 trains making that trip do you have a time you prefer?
Sometime after 8:30, please.|I have 15 trains leaving hourly on the :01 from 9:01 to 23:01. The trip duration is 163 minutes. What time would you prefer?
Please book for 6 people the train that departs at 9:01.|I successfully booked you on Train TR3732 for 6 people, total fee of 450.6 GBP.  Your reference number is 2ZQNPAPB.
Thank you. That was all I needed for today. Thank you very much.|No problem at all! Remember that the Cambridge TownInfo centre is here for all your 411 needs!
Hi, I am searching for a museum to attend in the centre of town.|There are 11 total museums in the centre of town. Would you prefer suggestions for art museums, history museums, science museums, galleries...?
I don't care of the type of museum.|I have located Williams Art and Antiques located at Gwydir Street, no. 5 Dale's Brewery. Would you like to visit this museum or would you like another suggestion?
That sounds good. What is the entrance fee if any, and it's postcode?|It is free to get in. The postcode is cb12lj.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I would like a good steak.|I can help you find a fantastic steakhouse. Do you have a preference for the area of price range of the restaurant?
No thanks, I actually need a train. I'll be heading to cambridge from peterborough on Sunday. I need to leave after 19:15.|Ok, there are 10 different trains, what time did you want to arrive by so we can narrow it down a bit.
Before that, I need a booking for 3 people. Does that narrow it down?|Sorry, that doesn't really narrow it down, they all have plenty of open seats.
I would like to book the train with the shortest travel time, if that narrows it down. I will also need the reference number.|Train TR3922 is leaving at 19:19 and arriving at 20:09. Booking was successful for 3 tickets, totaling 39.59 GBP. The Reference number is : WF0T26CV.
Thank you very much. That was all I needed. Have a great day.|You are welcome, goodbye!
I am looking for a train for three people from the stansted airport to arrive by 12:45. I need to leave on Thursday and go to Cambridge.|What time would you like to leave by?
I don't care when I leave I just want to arrive by 12:45|There is one that leaves at 11:24 on Thursday. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, that would work. I need 3 tickets please.|Your 3 tickets are booked, the reference number is C3VMMP9M and the total fee of 30.29 GBP is payable at the station.
Thank you so much, that is it for today.|Glad I could help. Hope you have a great day.
You as well. Goodbye.|Good bye and enjoy your visit.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|What area in cambridge would you like to stay?
I'm actually looking to book a specific hotel. It is called the Alpha-Milton Guest House.|Okay, can you tell me how many people are staying, how many days you want to stay and when you begin your stay, please?
I'd like to start my stay on Wednesday, it will be for two nights, and it will be 6 people.|Ok, so you are all booked. Reference number is NM7IWBOC.
Thanks so much.  I also need a train to arrive in Peterborough by 16:45.|Would you like to take the TR8327 on Friday, it arrives at 16:24?
I just want to verify that train leaves from Cambridge correct? If so, can you book it for 6 people and provide the reference number.|Yes, that is correct. I have booked it for you, the reference number is IBM6BL8X and will be leaving at 15:34. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you.  Goodbye.|Alright, have a wonderful visit in Cambridge!
Can you help me find a moderately placed modern european restaurant?|how about galleria? i hear it's lovely
Sounds good, can you book that for 1 person at 18:30 on thursday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 3G88NRTV.
I also need to get a train.|Where is your departure and destination?
I'll be heading into cambridge from leicester, and I need to get there by 12:30 on thursday.|There are 6 trains to choose from. Should I book one of them for you?
I there one that arrives close to the 12:30 time?|The train that will arrive closest to 12:30 is TR2058. You will arrive by 11:54. Can I book that for you?
Yes, please and provide me with a reference number.|The booking was successful, and your reference number is R7U78R0G. The fee is 37.79 GBP, payable at the station. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is everything, thank you so much for your help!|Happy to be of service, and enjoy your meal!
Hi, I sure am looking forward to trying some of your local food when I get there.  Can you help me find a train?|Yes, there are many trains where are you going and leaving from? What time do you want to arrive or depart?
I want to go to Kings Lynn on Monday.|Where will you be departing from and what time?
I am departing from Cambridge after 21:00.|I have train TR8453 leaving at 21:11 is that okay for you?
Yeah, that works. Is there a seat available?|Yes there is. Would you like reservations?
Yeah, I just need a ticket for myself.|I have made that reservation and your reference number is R547NJH2.
I also am looking for an expensive caribbean restaurant.|i dont happen to have any caribbean restaurants in town. can i look for something else for you?
How about Gastropub?  In the centre?|There are 3 expensive gastropubs in the centre.  My personal favorite is backstreet bistro.  Would you like me to make reservations for you?
I don't need a reservation at the moment but can i have their post code?|Their postcode is cb12qa
Thank you for all your help!|Have a nice day.
I need a place to stay with free parking.  Ideas?|What area of town and what price range are you looking for?
Moderate. I'd like to stay at an actual hotel and would like free internet as well.|How about the Ashley Hotel?  It is in the North area and is moderately priced with free internet and free parking.
Yes, actually that will work. Can you reserve a room for Friday for 7 people, 5 nights?|Your hotel has been booked. Your reference number is  E174AW95. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Thank you for the reservation! Yes, I also need a train departing on Friday.|What are your departure and arrival stations, and what time of day would you like to travel?
I would like to travel on Thursday. I need to leave by 17:00.|There are several, could you tell me where you are departing from and going to and what time you would like to arrive by?
I'm sorry, we'll actually be traveling on Friday and departing from Leicester.|What is your destination?
I'll be going to Cambridge and need to arrive by 09:00.|The TR4256 train leaves leicester at 7:09 and arrives at cambridge at 8:54 on Friday. Would you like me to book it or more information?
That sounds great, can you book passage for 7, please?|Booking was confirmed. The total fee is 264.59 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : YYGDU1VR.
Awesome!  Thank you for all of your help, this was easier than I thought it would be.|Welcome, enjoy your day!
I want to get a train out of Cambridge that departs after 20:45 please.|What is your destination and day of travel?
I wish to go to New York City leaving this Friday.|I'm sorry, but I can't help you with travel outside of Cambridge and the surrounding areas.
Ok. How about a train to the Stansted airport?|I found three, one leaving at 21:40, 22:40, and 23:40 which would you like to go?
I would like to book the 21:40 train on Wednesday for one person please. I also need a reference number please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : VJ3ZAO4F. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am also looking to eat some north african food.  Can you help me find a restaurant?|I cannot find any restaurant that serves north african food in the area.
How about Thai food?|There are 2 restaurants that serve thai food; one in the west and one in the centre. Do you have a location preference?
The one in the west works please. Can you pleas book it for me on the same day at about 13:15.|How many people will be dining?
I'll be dining alone.|Unfortunately no table is available at that time do you have another time?
Could you please check for a table at 12:15 and can I have the reference number?|Alright, I have you booked at Sala Thong at 12:15. Reference number is: QIH3G407. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that should be everything. Thank you very much!|You're welcome - safe travels!
I am looking for a cheap place to eat in the east part of town.|I just happen to have one place that is cheap in the east. They serve international food. It's called the Missing Sock. Would that be of interest to you?
Do they serve International food? That's what I was hoping for!|They do serve international food.
No thank you that will be all|It was a pleasure to help. Have a good day.
I would love to get some information on the abbey pool and astroturf pitch|Of course, Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch is located in the east at Pool Way, Whitehill Road, off Newmarket Road. Phone number 01223902088. Anything else I can help you with?
You said that's in the east, correct?|Yes, that's located in the east part of Cambridge.
How often do trains depart peterborough going to cambridge during the week?|The trains leave twice per hour at :19 and :48 with the first train leaving at 5:19 and the last train leaving at 23:48. Do you need to book a seat?
NOt at this time.  Thanks for your help|Okay is there something else I can do?
Actually, I would like to book a train. It needs to arrive by 20:30. I'd like to book for 3 people.|There are many trains. Do you have a preference for departure time?
Yes I would like to arrive by 20:30 in Cambridge from Peterborough.|What day would you like to leave?
I would like to depart on Wednesday.|Okay the TR9969 leaves at 19:19 and arrives at 20:09. Book this one?
thanks so much for all of your help I cant wait to get there!|Would you like me to book you a ticket?
I apologize, I am so excited about the trip it is making me spacy, please book me for 3 people.|Train TR9969 has been booked for 3 people. Your reference number is : P5EYMMIG. Is there anything else I can do for your today?
How about a moderately prices Italian restaurant in the same area as the hotel?|We haven't talked about a hotel.
You're right. Now that we have the train booked, that's all I need.|Have a good trip!
I want to book a train from stansted airport on thursday.|There are several trains leaving from stansted airport on thursday, is there a specific time you would prefer to leave?
I need it to arrive by 17:15 and go to Cambridge|TR7012 departs the airport at 16:24 and arrives in Cambridge by 16:52.  Would this work for you?
Yes. Please book for 1 person.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 5P72XENH.
Great, thanks! Can you also recommend something fun to do in town?|What side of town?
What area do you recommend for entertainment?|I am not showing anything in the Centre, is there another area you would like to try?
Well, what area do you recommend for entertainment?|How about in the South part? There are two venues, Nusha and Tenpin. Would you like information about one of those?
Sure, could I have the address and phone number for both?|Nusha : unit g6, cambridge leisure park, clifton road cb17dy , phone: 01223902158. Tempin : cambridge leisure park, clifton way cb17dy 	08715501010
Thank you for the entertainment information in the south. That's it. You've been helpful. Goodbye.|You are welcome. It has been a pleasure assisting you today. Have a wonderful day.
I need help finding a cheap restaurant|What type of cuisine would you like?
I'm interested in European cuisine.|We have the river bar steakhouse and grill in the centre area, would you like more information?
Can you book me a table there for 7 on Friday at 19:45?|Yes.  Your booking was successful.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Your reference number is ODB8T8HO.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes can you help me find a train as well?|Sure! Where would you like to come from? What day of the week and what time?
I would like to leave in Saturday.|We have several options!  Where would you like to go?
I would like to go to Ely please.|Do you have a time you need to leave or arrive by?
The train should arrive by 13:00 and should depart from cambridge.|Your best best is TR0721, leaving Cambridge at 11:50 and arriving Ely at 12:07. The trains only run every 2 hours on Saturdays.
Okay. Can you go ahead and book that train for 7 people please? And give me the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 24.64 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : OKXUNQ4W
Thanks for the help, goodbye!|You are welcome, enjoy your stay!
I'm looking for a guesthouse that has free parking.|I've got 21 guesthouses that offer free parking, what part of town would you like to stay in?
The part of town does not matter but I would like a 4 star rating and free wifi.|I think you would like the Acorn Guest House.  It is in the north part of town with a moderate price range.
Can you confirm that it has a 4 star rating and free wifi?|yes and would you like me to book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
Is there a restaurant called Cocum?|Yes, it is an indian restaurant in the west. Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes, I would like to book a table for 7 people at 18:00 on Monday. Can you please be sure to give me the reference number?|Your booking is successful.  The reference number is TOD8XYZB.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to find a train departing from Cambridge.|I have multiple trains leaving from Cambridge. What would you like the destination to be so I can narrow it down?
We would like to go to leicester on tuesday.|Of course. What time would you like to travel?
We would need the train to leaver after 11:45.|I have train TR7692 leaving at 12:21 and arriving at 14:06. Would that be something that would work for you?
Yes, please book for seven and I would like a reference number, please.|You're all booked.  The total fee is 264.59 GBP and your reference number is HC7OJ4LI
Thank you that was all|You're welcome, have a lovely trip!
I am looking for places to go in the centre of town and I would like it to be a museum.|How does the Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology sound?  It is in the centre and has free admission.
What's the postcode for that?|The post code for the Museum of Archaeology and anthropology is cb23dz.
Can I also get the phone number for that?|The phone number is 01223333516.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
I'll also need a train on Monday.|I can help you with that, what destination, departure site, and time would you like to travel?
leaving monday from kings lynn after 19:15 going to cambridge. I need to get 2 tickets and may I have the referral number please?|Reference number is : DOA079HV Is there anything else I can help you with
No that would be all thank you|Thank you for using Help Desk. Goodbye.
I need a train leaving after 18:15 departing from birmingham new street|OK, and what day are you traveling?
Friday. I'll be heading to Cambridge.|Train TR8903 departs for Cambridge on Friday at 18:40.  Will this work for you?
Yes, that works - could you book 3 tickets please. Also, what is the reference number.|I have booked the 3 tickets for you. The reference number is WGU9CZ1C.
Great. I am also looking for a place to stay. It does not need to have free parking and doesn't need to include internet.|I believe the Alpha-Milton Guest House might meet your needs. It's moderately priced in the north, 3 stars, with no internet or parking. Would you like more information?
Is it in the centre?|No I'm sorry alpha-milton guest house is in the north. Do you need something in the centre?
I suppose the north will work for me.|Alright, would you like me to book you a room at the Alpha-Milton Guest House?
Yes please. Make sure to send me the postcode for the hotel.|The postcode for the Alpha Milton Guest House is cb41xa. How many guests will be staying in your party and how many days? When will your stay begin?
I don't need to book right now. I just needed to know the postcode and the hotel type please. Can you confirm those?|Certainly! It is a guesthouse and the postcode is cb41xa. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm sorry, I decided that I do need a hotel in the centre.|I have 3 results for hotels in the centre area. Would you prefer moderate or expensive priced?
I don't car, but I'm not bringing a car or computer so I don't need parking or internet. Which ones don't have those?|I recommend the Gonville Hotel. It is an expensive 3-star hotel in the center. I can book a room there, if you like.
That's not necessary. Thanks for the help!|You are welcome.  Is there anything else I may assist you with today?
Nope, I think I'm all set.|Thank you for using this system!
Can you help me find a 4 star rated place to stay please?|Sure, I'd be happy to help with your request.  To help narrow down the results, what area and price range are you looking for?
Moderate price range.  Something with 4 stars.  Area doesn't really matter to me.|Archway House is a moderately priced guesthouse in the north with a 4-star rating. They offer free Internet and parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
Can you book for seven people for three nights starting from Friday?|Your reservations have been made.  Your reference number is A16QWFWX.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I'm also looking for a train to get to cambridge. I'll be departing from leicester.|i can help you with that! what day are you traveling?
I will be leaving on Friday sometime after 16:15.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : A16QWFWX. is that fine with you?
yes and thank you that will be all|Have a great day!
I need help finding a train leaving cambridge after 15:30.|I found 623 trains that leave at that time. What is your destination?
Im going to cambridge|There are no trains leaving cambridge and also going to cambridge, did you mean to choose another destination?
The train should leave on friday and should go to leicester..|TR0094 leaves at 16:21 on Friday. Can I book it for you?
Yes, please. Could you book 8 tickets?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 302.39 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 3P7B0D6T.
thank you for your help|Thank you so much. Have a good day now!
Thank you good bye.|You are more than welcome!
Hi, I am looking for information on a place to stay.|Sure, are you looking for anything specific?
Yes a four star hotel that is cheap.|The Cambridge Belfry is a cheap hotel with a 4 star rating.  It's at Back Lane, cambourne.  Can I book it?
Is that a guesthouse? That is the type I am looking for.|There are 7 guest houses that are cheap, which part if town did you have in mind?
I don't care about price. I just need a place to stay in the north that's 4 stars.|There are eight guesthouses in the north. I recommend home from home it has free internet and parking. Would you like me to book that?
Yes, I would appreciate it if you would book that.|Can you tell me the day, number of nights and how many guests please?
Our stay will start on Tuesday for 4 nights. Our party includes 8 people.|Okay, your booking was successful. The reference number is DB9C3OVK. Can I help you with anything else?
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!|Will you need a restaurant booking or attraction information? I can also help with transportation.
no that will be all.|Thank you and have a great day.
Can you help me get a train ticket leaving birmingham new street on sunday please?|We have many options that meet your needs.  Do you have a certain destination in mind?
I am looking to go to cambridge and leave after 21:00 please.|I have three different choices depending on when you want to arrive.  I've got one arriving by 24:23.  Would that work?
That would be great, I'd like to book for 1 person please.|Your ticket has been booked, reference number is D77TJZNF
Thank you. Can you tell me what kinds of museums there are in that area?|There are over 20 museums in the city, is there a particular part of town you'd like to be in?
No, I do not have any preference on area.  What would you suggest?|You might like Broughton House Gallery.  Would you like more information about this?
Yes please may I have their postcode?|Sure!  The postcode is cb11ln.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No I think that's all I need for now, thank you!|You're welcome, have a wonderful visit!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|You're in the right place! What can I help you with.
I want to find out a train schedule for trains leaving from Broxbourne.|And where will you be leaving from and what time and on what day please?
I need to depart broxbourne to cambridge leaving after 20:00 on thursday|There are four trains running from Broxbourne to Cambridge that night, every hour starting at 20:32. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes, I need 5 tickets please.|Okay, your booking was successful. The total fee is 89.5 GBP which can be paid at the station. Your reference number is STB4RJ95.
Thanks! I'm also looking for moderately-priced 4-star accommodations in the north.|acorn guest house would suits your needs. Can I get you a booking?
Yes, I would like to book it.|How many nights would you like to book it for? And will this be for 5 people?
Yes, for 5 people and for 2 nights please.|starting on what day please?
Starting on thursday night please.|I will work on booking this and be right back with you.
Thank you I appreciate it.|Those days are booked would you like to try a different hotel?
Can you check one more time?|Booking was successful. Reference number is : GVD2TJSE.
It's about time, thanks.  That is everything I need.|Can I assist you with anything else today?
Nope, that will be all for now, thanks!|Have a great day.
One moment i need to located a hair salon near the hotel can you assist me?|Sorry I could not find  a salon nearby.
That's fine I didn't actually need one. I don't need anything else. That's it. Thanks and bye!|I'm glad I could help you today. Goodbye.
I am hoping you might be able to help me find a place to stay last minute. I am on a bit of a budget so I need something moderate.|I have three hotels available. The Ashley Hotel, Cityroomz, and Lovell Lodge. Do you need parking ?
I need one in the centre and has free wifi.|Then Cityroomz is just for you! It is located at sleeperz hotel, station road. Do you need more information or do you want to book a room?
That is all that I need. Thank you so much.|You're very welcome!  Have a great day!
I am looking for a guesthouse to stay at in the moderate price range.|How about the a and b guest house?
Does it have free parking?|No, it does not offer that. Would you like something that does?
Yes.  I need free parking, and I prefer the southern part of town.|ok, I have a couple that meet that criteria. Would you like 3 or 4 stars?
I have no preferences. You can just pick one. I'd like it for 7 people for 5 nights starting from saturday.|This is unavailable would you like to book a shorter stay or a different day?
How about 3 nights for the same day and number of people?|Great! You're booked for 3 nights at Bridge Guest House with reference number AH7L4RXZ. May I help with anything else?
Yes, I need a train out of Peterborough into Cambridge, please.|When do you need that train?
I need it for Saturday and I want to arrive by 18:15.|TR4494 will depart at 17:19 on saturday and arrive by 18:09. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. Can you book 7 tickets on that train? I'd like a reference number if possible.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 92.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 8JPQ3AQT.
Great!  You have helped me tremendously.  I don't need anything else.  Thank you!|Let us know if you need anything else. Good bye.
I need suggestions for a moderately priced restaurant in the center part of town. Can you help me?|There are 21 matches. What type of food do you want?
We're willing to experiment.  I have 7 people.  Anything you recommend?|There is a British restaurant named cotto that you may want to try.
Okay, let's go with that one. I need a table for 7 at 19:15 on Saturday.|You're all set! Your reference number is XDENSO4L. Do you need anything else?
Yes, if you could also help me find a train that will depart from Peterborough.|Sure, we have a lot of trains. Where are you heading to?
I will be heading to Ely.|There don't seem to be any trains going to Ely from Peterborough.
Wait, what? Are you serious?|Yes, very serious. I'm not sure why but it appears all of those trains have been cancelled.
I think we got some crossed wires. I need the train from peterborough to cambridge. I need it for Saturday.|there is a train that leaves at 05:19 am.
Okay, please book the train for 7 people on Saturday.|Do you have a specific departure time or arrival time in mind before I book the train?
Yes, I just need to arrive by 12:15.|There are 13 trains that would get you to Cambridge by 12:15. Train TR8494 would arrive at 12:09. Would you like me to book a seat for you?
Yes, please book that for 7 people.|Your total is 92.4 GBP, which you can pay at the station when you pick up the tickets. Your Reference number is : DWZ3T4RK.
Thanks for the help, that's all for now.|You're welcome, glad I could help.
Can you book a train for me? I need to leave after 16:00 on sunday.|We can help you look up for a specific schedule if you can supply to us your Departure point and Destination as well.
I am leaving from Leicester and going to Cambridge.|That gives us about 8 different options. The earliest train leaves at 16:09 and will put you in Cambridge by 17:54. Would that interest you?
Yes, it interests me a great deal. Book it for 8 please and get me the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 241.92 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : BZX66OVA. Can I further assist you today?
I am also looking for a room. Free parking and Wifi.|Which area would you like to stay in?
It doesn't matter. I would like it to be in the expensive range.|I have five. Do you have a star rating preference?
No, no star rating preference. Whichever hotel you recommend.|Well there are many to choose from. Are you sure we couldn't narrow it down by area?
Can I get something that is expensive.|Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is an expensive hotel in the east. Can I book you any rooms?
Yes, sunday for 4 nights, 8 people.|Your reservation for 8 at Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge this Sunday for 5 days 4 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : 64O9EZWU. Anything else today?
Just to check, you booked the hotel for the same day as the train correct?|Yes, both the train and hotel have been booked for Sunday. Is there anything I can help you with?
That will be it thanks a lot !|You're welcome, have a great day.
I want a train leaving from leicester.|Sure! Where would you like to travel to? What day would you like to travel? Do you have any preferences on departure times?
I'll be coming from Leicester to Cambridge on Friday.  I'd like to arrive by 21:15.|Anytime you prefer to leave?
No. Just as I make my arrival time but not leave unnecessarily early.|The TR4170 leaves at 09:09. Will that work for you?
Yes can you book that one please?|How many tickets?
I need 5 tickets and the reference number. I would like to go to a museum attraction in town. Please provide a area, phone number, and postcode.  Thank you.|okay, booking was successful. The total cost is 189 GBP. Reference number is : 44KVOVJM. What area do you need the museum to be in?
It doesn't matter as long as it is a nice museum.|Does it matter if it has a entrance fee?
no. find me where it is located, phone number and postcode|Okay how about broughton house gallery in the centre? Their phone is 01223314960. Postcode is cb11ln and address is 98 king street. Entrance is free.
Yes, that's fine.Thank you so much. That's all I needed today.|Happy to be of service, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Hello, I am looking for a train heading to Cambridge and I will be departing from Kings Lynn.|The first train leaves on Friday at 05:11 and arrives at 05:58. Should I book it for you?
No, not at this time. Thank you, good bye.|Thank you. Enjoy your trip.
Find me a moderately priced french restaurant|Sorry, I couldn't find any restaurants that match that.
What about an Indian restaurant in the same price range?|That I can do. There are four restaurants available that meet the criteria. I'd recommend Meghna. Would you like to book a table?
No thank you that will be all|You're very welcome. Have a great day!
Actually, I'm also looking for a train. I'll need it to go to Cambridge on Sunday.|there is a train leaving london kings cross at 05:17.
I'm looking for one that arrives by 16:15, ideally.|Train ID TR6578 will be perfect for you. It will be arriving Cambridge from london liverpool street by 15:07 except if you do not want to depart from london liverpool street.
perfect book for 5 people|Booking was successful, the total fee is 66.39 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : GAZ4RCN9.
Thank you that is all I need.|Ok great, have a wonderful day.
I'm looking for a restaurant on the North end that serves yummy Chinese food|We have three places, but I like the hotpot.  Do you need a reservation?
Could you tell me the price range first? and the postcode? for the hotpot?|The Hotpot is a moderately priced restaurant. Their post code is cb41ep.
Great can you help me get a train from cambridge to broxbourne?|There are 133 trains that match that trip. To narrow it down, I need to know what day you'll be traveling and when you want to arrive by.
I will be traveling on Wednesday and I would need to arrive in Broxbourne by 21:15.|I have train TR5256 that leaves at 20:01 and arrives in Broxbourne at 21:01. Would that work for you?
That would be great.  I'm traveling alone so just one seat please.|Great. I have booked one ticket on TR5256 to broxbourne. The cost will be 17.89 GBP and your reference number is O9VNFTK9.
Thanks! That's all I needed today. You've been a great help!|You're welcome!  Enjoy your travels.
I'm looking for general information on places to go in the east area of town.|the camboats and the funky fun house are both located in the east side of town.
Could you give me the address and postcode of the Camboats?|The Camboats are located at the Plough, Green End, Fen Ditton.  The postcode is CB58SX.  Would you like the phone number?
No need, but I am looking for a train from kings lynn to cambridge.  Can you please find one for me.|I'd be happy to help with your request, can you be more specific on the day you're travelling and what time you'd like to depart?
I will be traveling on monday and I want to arrive by 21:45 .|Trains run every hour on that route, starting at 5:11. What would be a good departure time?
Whichever you that leaves the latest but still gets me in by 21:45|TrianID TR1465 is leaving at 20:11 and will have you in cambridge by 20:58. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please book this train for 2 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 19.6 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : FC8I7U3O.
That's all I need. Thanks you so much for your help.|Thank you for using our system today!
Have you ever heard of alexander bed and breakfast?|Yes I have stayed there many times.  It is pretty cheap but offers free internet and free parking.  Can I book a room for you?
Yes please book it for 6 people for 4 nights starting wednesday.|Okay, you're all set! Your reference number is: 75UHIUU5.
I am also looking for a train leaving after 08:15 and should be on the same day as the hotel booking.|Can you tell me where you will be departing from and where you are heading to?
I will be departing stansted airport and arriving in cambridge.|I have the TR7667 that leaves at 08:24 available. Would you like me to book seats on that?
Yes, please book it for 6 people.|OK, the booking was successful. The total fee is 60.59 GBP, payable at the station. Your reference number is AK36XDFI.
Thank you so much.  You have been very helpful.  That is all I need for now.  Bye.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I need to find a train from ely to cambridge.|What day and time would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on Monday.|When would you like to arrive in Cambridge on Monday?
I really just need to leave after 15:45. The arrival time doesn't really matter.|should i book it for you?
Yes for 5. All I would need is the reference number.|I have booked 5 tickets for you on TR6645. Your reference number is SZYJ90EL. What else can I assist with?
Thanks for being so helpful! I appreciate your time. I'm all set now.|You're very welcome, I am so glad to have been of service! Have a wonderful day now, bye!
I'd like some help finding an interesting attraction in the center of town.|i have 44 places. can you tll me how much entry fee range is to narrow down our options?
I don't have a preference. Just recommend one and send me it's address and phone number.|Try clubbing at Kambar. The address is 1 wheeler street and the phone number is 01223842725. Do you need anything else?
I also need to see the schedule between Bishops Stortfod and Cambridge.|Is this for a Train? If so could you provide me with a day and/or time you are looking for?
Yes, can you help me find a train please. I will be traveling on Monday sometime after 21:45.|We have one train departing bishops stortford at 23:29 and arriving in cambridge at 24:07. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please. I also need reference number once it's booked.|Great, how many tickets do you want?
I need a train from Cambridge on Tuesday|There are plenty of those! Where are you headed, and at what time?
I'm heading to Norwich and need to leave after 11:15 from Cambridge|There are 13 trains. The one that leaves closest to your requested time is the TR5949, which leaves at 11:36. Does that interest you?
Yes, that would be great!  I need 7 tickets, please.  Oh, and the reference number.|I have booked the TR5949 for 7, departing from Cambridge at 11:36 and arriving in Norwich at 12:55. Reference number: UR9DKTIK. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, as a matter of fact, I also need a place to stay.|There are many different hotels in Cambridge, do you have an area or price range in mind?
Is there anything in the south with a star of 4? It doesn't have to have free parking.|Sure, we have two hotels for you aylesbray lodge guest house, and rosa's bed and breakfast. can I book one of these for you today?
Could we try the Aylesbury House?|Alright. What day would you like to stay, how many nights and how many people?
Actually I need more information on the hotels. Does Aylesbury House have free parking?|The train was booked for 7 tickets departing at the correct time and providing the reference number. Also, more info is needed about a hotel.
I still need to know if Aylesbury House has free parking.|The Aylesbray Lodge has free internet and free parking. Would you like a reservation, or perhaps I can give you their contact information?
Yes, please. I will need their address and what price range it is in.|Certainly. This guesthouse is located at 5 Mowbray Road and is in the moderate price range. Is there any other information you need?
That's it, you have been very helpful! Thank you!|You're welcome. Have a great time!
Thank you. We will.|Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!
You've been extremely helpful. And I hope you have a wonderful day.|Let us know if you need anything else.  Goodbye!
Hi there, I'd like to find a good place to eat in the city centre tonight, but I'm looking for somewhere cheap. Have you any good recommendations?|Absolutely! I have about 15 restaurants that are in that area and price range. Can you tell me what type of food you might be trying?
You know, I'd really like to try north african food.|I am sorry, but there are no cheap restaurants in the centre serving north african food. Would you like to keep searching for another type?
How about some chinese food?|There are three restaurants, Charlie Chan, Rice House, and Golden House. Would you like to book a table at one of them?
How about Rice House? I'd like to book a table for two at 19:00 on Monday.|Fantastic! Your table is booked for Rice House at 19:00 on Monday, and the reference number is T0NP4V1O. Is there anything else you need help with?
Can i also book a train to Cambridge?|There are a number of trains that can get you to cambridge. Where are you leaving from?
I'll be leaving from kings lynn on Monday.|What are you preferred arrival and departure times?
The train should depart on Monday from Kings Lynn for two people.  Please give me my reference number too.  Thanks!|Your train has been booked for 2, leaving at 5:11. Reference number VZNMSR6M. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's it, thank you!|You're welcome, I'm glad to help. Goodbye!
I'm looking for places to go to in the east part of town.|Did you have a certain type of place such as a museum you would like to visit?
What do you recommend ?|I would recommend one of the four museums in the east.
Yes please can you recommend one of those.|I recommend the Cambridge Museum of Technology, which is located in the East area. The entrance fee is 5 pounds. Do you need more information?
Yeah, can I get the postcode?|Yes, the postcode is cb58ld.  Could I help you with anything else?
I also need to find a train leaving on monday after 8:45|Oh no!  We have no trains that day.  Would a different day or time work?
I need a Monday train. Leave after 08:45. I am sure there is a train.|Are you looking for a train to bring you to Cambridge? Where are you departing from?
I'm flying into Stansted Airport and I'd like a train in to Cambridge. My flight arrives at 08:45, so something after that. It'll just be me.|The next available train will depart at 09:24, shall I book that for you?
Thank you! Please book it for 1, and send me the reference number.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is OO7SVBQE.
Perfect. Thank you. That's all I need at this time.|Great. Please call again if you need anything else. Have a great day. Goodbye!
I am looking to book a train.|Certainly. May I ask where you want to depart from?
I would like to leave from the closest station to my location.|Could you tell me your location, which area of town or what business you are departing from?
We are leaving London Kings Cross and need to do so after 12:45 on Friday for 6 people and can I get the reference number for the booking?|To clarify, are you looking for a train to Cambridge? All Friday trains from London Kings Cross go to Cambridge.
I need to depart from London Kings Cross and go to Cambridge.|Booked! You leave at 13:17, your reference number is 3WICPFQP, you will pay 141.6 at the station.
Okay thank you. That is all I need.|Okay thank you for calling.
I need information about trains leaving from Cambridge and going to Bishops Stortford.|Okay! I can help you with that. What day are you wanting to travel?
I will be traveling on sunday.|I have 10 trains leaving from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford on Sunday. The earliest leaves at 05:29 and the latest leaves at 23:29. Would you like to book a seat?
I need one that leaves after 17:15|The first one out after that time is TR6742, departing at 17:29. Would you like to book a ticket on that train?
Yes, I need two seats please. Can you give me the reference number after they are booked?|Two seats are booked for TR6742. Your reference number is ESM407G4. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I need to find a hotel too.|What are your preferences regarding area, price range and star rating? Or do you have other needs?
it should include free parking. The hotel should have a star of 2.|So, I have three hotels in town that have 2 stars and parking. Do you have a preference on cost? I have two moderate and one expensive.
I'm not picky, it just needs to have 2 stars.|I need to know what price range please.
I don't have a preference just 2 stars please.|The Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge are both moderately priced and in the north, while Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is expensive and in the east. Would you like to book?
The Ashley Hotel sounds good. I need to make a reservation for the same amount of people, for 5 nights, starting Tuesday.|So you'd like me to book the guesthouse Tues thru Sat is that correct?
No I'd like you to book the Ashley Hotel for 5 nights starting on Tuesday.|How many people will be staying?
There will be five of us.|Booking was successful. Is there anything else that you would like?
Yes, can you find me a restaurant for Friday night of that week?|What kind of food would you like?
I'm interested in Asian food.|on the same area?
Oh, never mind the restaurant. I'll book it myself. Did I say 5 people at the hotel? I'm sorry, I meant 2.|Ok, no problem I can change that
Can you provide the reference number?|The reference number is 1BWYJXU9
Thank you that will be all I need.|You are welcome enjoy.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|You have come to the right place!  What can I do for you?
I'm hoping to find somewhere expensive to dine in the south|I have 2 chinese places, an indian, an italian and a mexican place that fit that description. What type of food are you in the mood for?
I am looking for chinese please.|There are two choices: Peking restaurant or the good luck Chinese food takeaway. Which one appeals to you?
you can choose and then book it for me for 7 people on saturday at 12:45. and tell me the reference number|the search returned two restaurants for booking, choosing peking
I would like to find a taxi to the centre of Cambridge to an American modern restaurant.  What would you recommend?|With so few details, I can't book you a taxi quite yet.
I would like to book a train from Peterborough to Cambridge on Tuesday leaving after 14:00.|How about the 14:19 train? It's a 50 minute trip, so you'll arrive at 15:09.
I think I asked for that wrong...I'm sorry. I'd like to go to Peterborough from Cambridge on Tuesday after 14:00.|The first available train that leaves after 14:00 from Cambridge to Peterborough on Tuesday is the TR7727. Would you like to go ahead and book a seat?
Yes, I need it for two people and I need the reference number.  I also need a guesthouse that includes free wifi.|I've booked that for you. The reference number is F5TE3Q1H. As for the hotel, where in the city would you like to stay?
In the north, please.  I'm looking for a guesthouse with free wifi, it can be 0 star.|City centre north b and b is a cheap, 0 star guesthouse located in the north with internet access.  Would you like me to book this location for you?
Yes please. Can you book it for 2 people? We'd like to arrive Thursday and stay for 5 nights please.|I'm not able to secure 5 nights. I can book you for 4 nights 2 people starting on Thursday. Will that work for you?
Yes 4 nights will work, can you book that and give me the reference number?|I have confirmed your reservation at city centre north b and b for 4 nights starting Thursday. Your reference number is GKZ1Z5LL. Is there anything else you need?
No that is all. Thank you so much!|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service.
I am looking for a place to dine near the centre.|There are 69 places to dine near the centre. Is there a food type you would prefer, or a specific price range?
I would like an expensive restaurant that serves fusion food.|I do not have anything fitting that criteria. Do you have something else in mind?
How about european food?|The Eraina serves European food in the expensive price range. Their phone number is 01223368786. They are in location of centre.
Great.  Can I get the address and phone number as well?|Sure thing! Their address is free school lane city centre and phone is 01223368786. Anything else?
I'm also looking for a train to cambridge on friday|There are several trains. Do you have a time preference?
I'd like to depart from bishops stortford and leave after 12:30|Train number TR4070 leaves at 13:29 and arrives at 14:07. Fare will be 10.10 pounds. Would you like me to book tickets?
Yes, please. There are 4 of us traveling together.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : CLUDXC1K.
Thank you so much. I appreciate your help.|Glad to be of help. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That will be all today! Thanks so much!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I'm looking to book a train that leaves on Wednesday after 12:45, if you could help me with this that would be great!|I'd be glad to help. But I will need a departure site and a destination.
I'll be going to Peterborough from Cambridge.|I would recommend TR1879 which leaves Cambridge at 13:06 and arrives in Peterbourough at 13:56.
I'm sorry, I had that backwards, I need a train that departs FROM Peterborough and goes to Cambridge.|I have over 20 trains traveling on Wednesday for you.  Are you departure and arrival times still correct?
Yes they are.|I have train TR9545 which departs at 12:48 and will get you into Cambridge by 13:38. Does that sound like it would work for you?
Yes please book it for 1 person and provide the reference number|Your booking was successful. The reference number is 69YAY7YC. What else may I help you with?
Thanks for the service. Good day to you!|You're welcome! Please contact us again if you need anything else.
I need train schedule information for Thursdays, please|I can help with that. From where are you departing and to where are you going?
departing from cambridge and arrive by 21:45|There are 168 trains that day. Do you have a destination in mind so I can narrow it down?
I need to go to stansted airport please|I would recommend train TR7966 that leaves at 05:40
That's fine. Please book one seat for me, please.|Success. Your reference number is PMHZ3TJO.
I am also looking for a hotel with free wifi, but it doesnt need to have free parking.|Do you have a preferred area or price range?
The area doesn't matter, but I would like it to be an expensive 4 star hotel.|I have 2 options for you. The first is the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel in the west. The other is the University Arms Hotel in the centre. Do you have a preference?
The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel sounds really nice. Could you book us a room there for 2 nights on Tuesday?|How many people will be staying for the booking?
Just one person please|Unfortunately they are booked up for those nights. Would you like to try another night or the University Arms Hotel instead?
Try booking the room for just one night, please.|That worked. I have you booked on Tuesday for 1 night. Your reference number is 7IX0V6NU. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you but that's all.|Let us know if you need anything else? Good bye.
I'd like a train from Cambridge, please.|I can help you with that.  Where will you be traveling to?
I will be traveling to ely.|there is quite a number. which day do you want to travel?
I would like to go on thursday leaving after 19:45.|The TR1709 leaves at 5:50,would you like me to book it ?
No, I need to find a train that leaves after 19:45 on Thursday. Can you help me with that?|I have TR7979 that leaves Thursday at 19:50 and arrives at 20:07. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, for 6 please.|Your reservation is complete, with reference number 42PK9GM4
I would also like to look for a multo sports center in town too.|There is just one. It is the cherry hinton village centre in the east.
Oh, well I really wanted to visit the centre. Maybe you could find me a park instead? One in the centre of town?|cambridge university botanic gardens is the only park in the centre of town.  Would you like any further info on the park or Cambridge?
Do you have their phone number?|Yes, their phone is 01223336265.  Is there anything else you need assistance with today?
No, thank you for all your help. I believe you helped with everything I needed today, goodbye.|Thank you and enjoy your stay.
I need a Sunday train. Leaving after 8|I can help with that. Where are you departing from, and where is your destination?
I'm leaving from cambridge to birmingham new street|The first train available from cambridge to birmingham new street departs at 8:01 and arrives at 10:44.  Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, for 7 people. Reference number please.|Great! I have you booked for 7 people on TR2968, leaving at 08:01 and arriving at 10:44. Your reference number is IFI48FZ7. Your fee is 420.56 payable at the station.
Can you also look up the Alexander Bed and Breakfast for me?|Of course. The alexander bed and breakfast is located at 56 saint barnabas road with a phone number of 01223525725. Would you like to make a reservation?
No thanks.  I may be back in touch though!|Thank you for contacting us. Have a wonderful trip!
Hello, I'd like to book a train on Friday that arrives by 17:30.|What's your to and from location?
I am leaving from London Kings Cross station and traveling to Cambridge.|There are 6 that arrive by 17:30, the closest being TR8842, which arrives at 16:08. Is that to your liking?
yes, please! what's the reference number?|Can you please tell me how many tickets you will need for this trip?
I will need 2 tickets|OK, I've booked you for 2 tickets with reference number ERCAZMGA. The fee will be 47.20 GBP, payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm wondering if there are any expensive modern european restaurants in town.|Yes, darrys cookhouse and wine shop.
I would like to book a table for 2 people at 20:00 on friday please.|I have successfully booked that for you. Your reference number is ZCMA7GFP.
Thank you, that will be all.|Okay, great. Have a good day!
What trains arrive in Cambridge by 10:30?|Where are you traveling from and on what day?
I am traveling from kings lynn on sunday.|Please give me your day and time of departure to help me to narrow down to a suitable result.
I don't have a departure time. I just need to be in Cambridge by 10:30.|I suggest the TR8092 that will arrive in Cambridge at 08:58. This will give you ample time. Do you want me to book this?
Please book for 5 people, I will also need the reference number.|Ok. The total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is WVSMPOEW. Can I help with anything else?
I am also looking for a moderately priced Italian food restaurant.|I found prezzo in the moderate price range in the west part of town
Great can I just get their address?|Sure, prezzo is located at 21 - 24 Northampton Road postcode cb30ad, would you also like their phone number?
No, the address is fine. Thank you very much for your help!|You're quite welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that'll be all. Thank you, again.|It was great conversing with you today. Have a great day! Goodbye.
I'm looking for a train that is going to birmingham new street and leaves after 17:15.|There's a train on that route every day departing at 18:01 that ought to work for you. Do you know what day you'll be travelling?
I will be traveling on Friday.|Where will your departure site be?
I will be leaving from Cambridge.  I will need 4 seats.|Great I booked you 4 seats on that train and your reference number is HI8OJSIM.
I also need to get a place to stay that is in the moderate price range and have 3 stars.|Sure, there are a few guesthouses available.  Which part of town would you like to stay in?
West part of town. Thanks|It looks like there is a 3 star guesthouse in the area named Hobsons House.  How does that sound?
I am looking for information in Cambridge|You've come to the right place. What can I help you with today?
I want to stay in a 4 star hotel with wifi, I would like it to be moderately priced, please.|There are quite a few hotels that meet your needs. Is there an area of town that you'd prefer?
No preference. Can you book me a room for 5 nights starting Monday for 1 person and I also need the reference number.|Your reservation at warkworth house for 6 days for a party of 1 was successful. Your Reference number is : J0OZV066.
I'm looking for a train. The train should depart from norwich and should go to cambridge|We have daily service for the route, any preference on day and time?
I need it to arrive by 15:45 in Cambridge on Monday please.|Okay I have a train arriving at 15:35. would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please.  I need 1 ticket.|My apologies the arrival time is 10 minutes earlier.  I assume that's okay?
Yes that is fine|Okay! For how many people?
It is just for one person and I need the reference number as well.|The booking was successful. The total fee is 17.6 which can be paid at the station. The reference number is SFRAK36V.
Great, thanks so much for your help with this.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I am looking for an expensive hotel in Cambridge with free wifi.|Do you have a preferred location?
I am looking for a guesthouse in the east.|There are no expensive guesthouses in the east, though I do have some more moderately-priced ones. The A and B Guesthouse is very nice.
Hmm, no expensive guesthouses huh? Ok, well how about an expensive hotel room instead?|express by holiday inn cambridge is for you. Their phone number is 01223866800. Shoul I reserve a room for you?
Yes, can you book for 1 person, 3 nights, starting Saturday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is F9AFSWLA. Do you need help with anything else?
Thank you. You certainly can help. I need to leave kings lynn to go to go to Cambridge by train.|OK, I have some information for you, will that also be on saturday and what time?
Yes the same day, I'd like to arrive by 14:30.|There are 9 options here. TR7178 arrives by 13:58. Would you like me to book it for you?
Please do. Just for 1 person. And give me the reference number too.|Alright, your reference number is HYXMZ1UN. Do you need more help?
I'm good to go now actually! Thanks so much! Au revoir!|I'm glad to be of service, have a wonderful day!
I am looking for a moderate priced restaurant|We have 31 matches, Do you have a food type preference?
No, but I'd like it to be in the centre.|We have 21 moderately priced restaurants in the center, with cuisines ranging from Asian Oriental to Gastropub.
Asian Oriental sounds good.  Can you reserve a table for 1 for me? I'd like to eat at 11:45 on Sunday.|You are good to go! Your reference number is HQGN4WTQ. Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need a train from Broxbourne to Cambridge. Needs to arrive by 8:00.|I have train TR1480 that leaves Broxbourne at 05:32 and will get you into Cambridge at around 06:32. Would that work for you?
That would be just fine.|How many tickets will you be needing?
Just one will be fine.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 14.32 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : P5KB6WJX. Anything else I can help with?
that is it for today. thanks for helping|You are very welcome. Have a great day.
I'm looking for a french restaurant in the north of Cambridge.|I've found restaurant two two at 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton.
Thank you, I would prefer the expensive price range, does that fall in that range?|Yes, it's an expensive restaurant. Would you like to book a table?
Yes. I would like to book a table for 3 at 14:30 on Friday please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : LNYGVM1C. Anything else?
Yes, I am looking for a train that goes to Kings Lynn and leaves after 12:15.|I have a train TR0674 leaving at 13:11 and arriving at 13:58. Would you like to reserve this?
Does it leave on saturday, departing from cambridge?|Yes it does, would you like tickets?
Yes, I'd like 3 tickets, please, along with the reference number.|On saturday the train at 13:11 is actually the TR7673, and you're booked with reference number VTO5IV0F. The fee will be 23.52 at the station. Can I help with anything else?
No thanks. That will be it for today. Have a good day. Goodbye.|Thank you for using our service,   have a nice day
Hi, I'm looking for an expensive hotel in the south of town.|The Lensfield hotel should fit your needs perfectly, would you like for me to set up a booking?
Does that hotel have a 3 star rating?|Indeed it does. Does it sound like somewhere you'd like to stay?
I do not need any free parking. Is there any expensive  hotel in the south with 3 stars and no parking?|No, there is not.  The only expensive 3-star hotel in the south is The Lensfield Hotel and it has parking.
Okay, I need to book it for seven people 5 nights starting tuesday.|I booked it for you. Your reference number is ALYDOZKZ.
Thank you! I also need to book a train to Cambridge.|There are many options. Could you please tell me where you are travelling from, on what day, and possibly at what time?
I need a train going to cambridge that arrives at 11:30. I will depart from kings lynn.|There are multiple trains that match the criteria you listed. Can you please provide the day you will be traveling on?
I will need that for Tuesday as well.|Train TR1704 leaves kings lynn at 10:11 and arrives at cambridge by 10:58, making the travel time 47 minutes. The cost is 9.80 pounds. Are you interested in booking?
Yes, please book this train for 7 people. I also will need the reference number.|The booking was successful, the total fee is 68.6 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : JEQ34OF0. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That was it. Thanks so much for your help.|I'm glad I could help you with your accommodations and travel needs. Good bye.
Hi, I'm looking for a train that's going to bishops stortford from cambridge, what kinds of options are there?|There are about 70 options.  Do you have a particular travel day?
I would like to travel on Thursday and get there before 13:30.|Train TR2929 leaves Cambridge at 11:29 on Thursday and arrives at Bishops Stortford at 12:07. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, for 6 people, and I will need the reference number please.|I got 6 tickets for you your reference number is ADZ8DIQ2.
Thanks, I also am looking for a hotel called finches bed and breakfast a friend mentioned.|I found it, it's a cheap guesthouse in the west.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes for 6 people for 5 nights starting saturday.|Your reservation is confirmed. Your reference number is 31S3UK6M. Can I help with anything else?
No, that is everything I need. Thank you for all your help!|If there is nothing else you need help with, have a great day. Goodbye.
I need a not later than 9:15 train to Cambridge.|It looks like there's a train for Cambridge with an arrival time of 07:07. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, book me for Sunday departing from london kings cross.|How many tickets will you require?
8, please|Your booking is successful. Train is leaving at 07:17 and it costs 151.04 GBP. Your reference number is 5Y7XKAJY. Anything else I can help with?
No thank you that's I need!|Okay thank you for calling. Don't hesitate to call us again.
I am looking for a train leaving after 11:45|OK, what are your departure and arrival stations, and what day are you traveling?
I'll be leaving Stansted Airport Friday to head toward Cambridge.|Ok, I have the first available train leaving at 12:24 and arriving at 12:52. Would that train work for you or would you like to leave later than that?
That would work for me can I get a train for 7 people?|Yes, you're booked on TR1387 with reference number 78BZSVSW. The total fee is 70.7 GBP payable at the station. Anything else I can help you with?
That is all. Thank you so much!|Okay! Glad I could be of help.
I'm looking for a train to cambridge on Saturday.|Where would you be departing from?
I will be departing from Ely.|Could you leave on Friday?  There are no trains available on Saturday from Ely to Cambridge.
Sorry, I misspoke. I am actually departing from Broxbourne.|There are about 19 trains available. I can narrow that down some if you tell me if you want to leave or arrive by a certain time.
I would like to arrive by 15:30.|There are 9 trains that meet your criteria that day, one leaving every hour from 05:32. Do you have a departure time preference?
No, we just want to get there either at or right before 15:30, please. Can you get me 8 tickets on the closest train to that time?|8 tickets for the TR7846 leaving at 09:32 your reference number is D0CG7JD3. Anything else today?
I'm sorry, I meant that I need 5 ticket for the train booked. Can you fix this?|Yes sure. I booked that for you for 5 people and the reference number is  IFXPNYHS.
Now that the train is settled, I need a place to stay that is in the expensive range with free parking, please.|There are a number of expensive hotels in town. Do you have a preference for area you'd like to stay?
I would prefer a guesthouse if possible.|I do not have any expensive guesthouses. Can I try something else?
Can you try moderately priced?|I suggest acorn guest house it is in 154 chesterton road.
Ok, that sounds great. Can you book that for me for 3 nights?|Yes. I need to know what night you'd like your reservation to begin and how many people it will be for.
For 5 people starting on Saturday.|I have made those reservations and your reference number is S4MONUEY.
Thank you so much. That's all for today.|You're welcome. Have a great day.
Hello, I am looking for a train to Cambridge and need to arrive by 15:00.|Where are you heading in from? And what day?
I'm leaving london liverpool street on sunday|TR9835 arrives at 13:07, would that work for you?
Yes, and I need to book this for four people.|I was able to book 4 tickets your reference number is 9EBGT2IQ. The price for the tickets is 53.12 GBP, is there anything else I can help with?
I also need to find a moderate priced place to stay with a 3 star rating.|There are four guesthouses that are moderately priced and have three stars. What area would you like to stay?
I don't have a preference. Can you make a  suggestion?|Hamilton Lodge is nice. Would you like me to book it?
Sure!  I need to get rooms for the same group as riding the train.|How many nights do you plan to stay?
I would be there for 5 nights.|Okay. Your booking was successful. Your reference number is KGCK4JK6. Can I help you with anything else today?
That is everything thank you.|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
Thank you. I appreciate your help.|You're very welcome!
I'm looking for a train in Cambridge that will arrive by 18:30|Are you leaving Cambridge or going to Cambridge? Better yet, what is your departure city and destination?
I'm departing from cambridge and would like to go to norwich on a monday.|Yes I have the 17:55. May I help you with anything else?
If it arrives by 17:55, then yes, please book 1 seat for me.|I was able to book TR8504 leaving cambridge at 16:36 arriving norwich at 17:55. The total fee is 17.6 GBP and your reference is P5JNVZHA.
Fantastic, thanks.  I'd also like to find an architecture attraction in the centre of town, please.|I have about 5 different options for you. Most have free admission, except one. Might I suggest the All Saints Church on Jesus Lane. It has free admission.
Can I get the postcode for that please?|all saints church's postcode is cb58bs.
Thank you! That is all the help I need today.|You're very welcome. I do hope that you enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
Hello, I'd like some information on a train going to cambridge.|Sure! Where are you departing from?
I am leaving Stevenage on Thursday and I want to arrive by 10:15.|I have a train on Saturday that leaves Cambridge on Saturday at 07:54 and arrives at 08:43.
I need the train Thursday|There is one leaving at 5:54,Yes I will book it for you and provide a reference number
I'm looking for a train going to Cambridge that leaves at 11:30.|There are 924 trains leaving by 11:30. What is your departure city?
Birmingham new street|I'm sorry but the earliest train departing from Birmingham New Street is 11:40. Can I investigate another departure location or time for you?
no thank you|Okay, have a great day!
I am looking for a train going from cambridge to london liverpool street|I have many trains available between Cambridge and Liverpool Street. What day are you looking to travel?
I would like to travel on Tuesday and I would like to arrive by 20:15 please.|I have train TR7299 that leaves at 5:59 and arrives at 7:27.  Would you like to book that?
Do you have a train that arrives closer to 20:15.|Yes,  TR9561 arrives at 19:27.  Would you like to book that train?
Yes, I need 7 tickets.|Will you needing a reference number?
Yes please.  I'm also looking for a hotel in the west.  I need free parking and wifi available.  Thanks so much.|Your train was booked successfully for 7 people. Your reference number is MQRGDBZA. There are many hotels located in the west. Are you looking for something in a certain price range?
A 3 star hotel in the cheap price range|Im sorry I have nothing matching that criteria can we adjust the amenities?
I I need a hotel located in the west with free wifi and parking.|The Cambridge Belfry is in the cheap range but has 4 stars, would that work? Internet and parking are available.
Sounds great, thanks! What is their phone number?|the cambridge belfry's phone number is 01954714600.
And the Cambridge Belfry is a hotel or guesthouse?|It is a hotel. Is that ok?
That is perfect. Thank you.|Would you like me to book that for you?
No, I don't need a booking. You have given me all the information I need, for now. Thank you so much.|You're welcome.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No thank you very much.|Have a great time.
Can you help me find information on a hotel called allenbell?|The Allenbell Hotel is a 4 star guesthouse hotel, the price range is cheap. Internet and parking are available. Would you like to book a room?
I need a room there for 8 on saturday, and staying two nights, I'll need the reference number too please|I've scheduled your booking at the Allenbell on Saturday for 2 nights for 8 people. The Reference number is : WBD98WJA.
I also need a train from stansted airport and go to cambridge.|All trains leave on friday, what time is the depature and arrival?
18:15 is the departure.  19:30 is the arrival.|Train TR5921 departs from stansted airport at 18:24 and arrives at cambridge at 19:30 on friday. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will work. Please book 8 tickets. I'll also need a reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 80.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 2D2L9TYI.
That is all I need. Good bye.|Thank you for using our service!
Can I please book a train to bishops stortford on saturday?|Where would you like to depart from?
I'd like to leave Cambridge and arrive by 17:30.|I have the TR0121 train available. It departs from Cambridge at 15:29 and arrives at Bishops Stortford at 16:07. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes. Please book for 2 people.|Your passage has been booked. 16.16 GPB will be payable at the station and your reference number is ZVFTQ0X3. Will that be all?
Thank you. I also need help finding a place to stay. I'd prefer a guesthouse with free wifi|May I ask a price range that you would like?
I don't care about price. It needs to be in the north, however.|We have many guesthouses located in the north, many of which are 4 stars. May I recommend the Kirkwood House located in the north for a moderate price with 4 stars?
Does the Kirkwood House include free parking?|Yes it most certainly does.
Can you help me find a train leaving on wednesday arriving by 12:30?|And what are your departure and arrival stations?
I'm coming to cambridge from Lecester.|Six trains match your criteria. The first train leaves at 05:09 and arrives by 06:54. Do you want to book a seat on this train or another?
I need to arrive by 12:30 not 6:54. Try again please|I'm sorry about that.  The TR3404 arrives at 11:54.  Would you like me to book it for you?
The train should arrive by 12:30 and should leave on wednesday.|the earliest train I can get for you arrives at 11:54 the tr3404 how many tickets please?
I need a booking for 4 people.|I booked your train ride. It is going to cost 151.19 GBP and your reference number is NIGO21EH.
I am looking for a hotel called worth house.|Great guesthouse located at 152 Chesterton Road.
Thanks.  Can you book a hotel for the same group of people for 3 nights on the day we get there?|your booked at the Worth House reference number is 9HLR5ZQO. Can I help you with anything else?
That's everything.  Thanks for all your help.|If you need anything else, please let us know.
I will. Thank you, goodbye.|Have a good day.
Hi. Can you help me find a restaurant?|There are a bunch of restaurants for you!  Do you have a certain price range or food type you prefer?
I would like it on the expensive price range please.|I found some quite nice choices for you.  Do you have a cuisine preference?
he restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should serve polynesian food. If there is no such restaurant, how about one that serves indian food.|I don't have any Polynesian, but I do have 14 Indian. What area of town would you like?
please get phone number and area.I am also looking for a train. The train should depart from Cambridge and should leave after 09:30|I have Indian restaurants in all areas. Do you have a preference of which one? Lets do this and then we can work on the train/
Can you please recommend one and provide me with their phone number and area they're located?|which side of town do you prefer?
The north part of town is fine. I need the phone number and area for the place after you find it.|I am sorry but there are no Indian restaurants in the North.  Would you like another area?
My area is flexible. What is available for an expensive indian restaurant. It can be in any area.|I have the cocum located in the west at 71 Castle Street City Centre. Would you like reservations?
No thank you but I do need a train.|Okay! From where to where?
I will be leaving from Cambridge.|I have found many trains leaving from Cambridge. Can I please get a departure and arrival time, and destination?
depart from cambridge at 9:00 and arrive london liverpool street on Sunday for 6 people|There are no trains leaving at 9:00.  Would you be interested in the one leaving at 7:59 or 9:59?
I just need to depart after 9:30.|I can book the TR0995 which leaves Cambridge at 09:59. Shall I book it for six people?
Yes, that would be wonderful.|the total fee is 79.67, Reference number is : Z51SW54Y.
That's all I need today. Have a great day|Have a safe trip.
Can you help me find a moderately priced restaurant that serves North American food? Thanks.|Unfortunately, I am unable to locate a moderately priced North American restaurant. I did find an expensive one, would you be interested in that?
No. How about Italian food?|Sure.  There are five moderately priced italian restaurants.  Would you prefer a certain part of town?
Perhaps the center? But I don;t think I have a preference.|Pizza Express is a great place that serves moderately priced Italian in the city centre. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes. Please reserve for 5 people on Sunday at 15:00.|I was able to book for you. Do you need a reference number?
Yes, I do need it.  I'm also looking for a train that goes to Leicester after 18:30.  Is there anything available?|What day do you need to leave?
I need to leave on monday and depart from cambridge.|There are 5 different trains on that day. Would you like me to book one of them?
Yes please. I just need tickets for all 5 of us. as close to 18:30 as possible.|the train id is TR0335. Booking was successful, the total fee is 189 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is  : 13V7H457.
Thanks that's all I need today|Thank you for contacting us and have a great day.
Hello, we are planning on visiting Cambridge and would like to inquire about lodgings.  Can you find a place with free wifi and a rating of 4 stars?|Sure, do you have an area of town you prefer?
Any type is fine, I just would like it to have free parking as well.|Ok the alexander bed and breakfast is a four star guesthouse in the centre area would you like me to book it for you
Yes, for 8 people. 2 nights starting from friday. Include reference number.|I was able to successfully book that for you. Your reference number is  7JY9OB7P. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I am also looking for a train. I would like it to arrive by 14:30|There are over a thousand trains arriving by 14:30 where are you departing from and going?
I am departing from stevenage and going to cambridge.|The train TR0601 will suit your needs. May I book that for you?
I'd like to book it for 8 people, yes.|Okay, you're booked with reference number 1KXLNMFR. May I help with something else?
No, that's all for me. Thanks! Goodbye!|Goodbye! Have a great day.
You too.|its been a pleasure serving you
I would like to take a train to Cambridge that leaves on Friday.|What departure site and what time?
I'm leaving from Cambridge. Anytime after 15:00. I'm actually going to Peterborough.|Do you have an arrival time in mind?
I do not have a time to arrive by.|TR0112 leaves at 17:06	 and will cost you 16.50 pounds. can we book?
Sure, that sounds good.  I will have a party of 6.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 99 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : PBZWH353. is there anything else i can help you with?
Yes. I also want to go to a nightclub in the area. Can you help me with that?|I have the club salsa at 1 station road.
Thanks! what is the entrance fee?|5 pounds anything else?
No. I think that's all.|Okay, great! Have a nice day.
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at that has a 4 star rating. Can you help?|Sure, we have many. Are you looking for anything else specifically?
Yes, I need internet and free parking.|To help narrow this down, can you tell me what area of town you'd like most?
Yes, I would like to be in the north. Oh and I would like to be in the expensive price range.|unfortunately i don't have anything that meets all those criteria. is there anything you'd like to change?
No I will figure something out|Is there something else I may be able to help you with today?
I lied. I don't need free internet and parking.|One more time let me know exactly what you need by looking at what you wrote down on your right, so we can book you.
i need an expensive hotel in the north|There are no hotels that meet that criteria. Would you like to search for something else?
A moderate price range. I need 2 nights beginning Monday and the reference number. Also looking for a train, same people same day as hotel and reference number as well.|There are 9 options. Do you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
I prefer a guesthouse please. I only need it for myself for 2 nights starting from monday.|May I recommend the Acorn Guest House at 154 chesterton road. Would you like me to book a room for 1, for 2 nights starting Monday?
Yes, please. I would also like the reference number.|Would you like me to book it for you ?
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the west.|Sure, we have la margherita which serves italian food and thanh binh which serves vietnamese food. Would one of these work for you?
They both sound great. Now I'm hungry. Thanks for the information!|Would you like me to book a table at either place?
No, not right now.  Could you help me find a train leaving Peterborough though?|Yes. There are quite a few trains leaving Peterborough. Can you tell me what day you'd like to travel, and perhaps narrow down the time as well?
I will be traveling in Sunday.|Unfortunately, I am unable to locate information based on your response. Please provide additional details of destination, day to travel, and time to arrive by.
Sure.  I need to leave Peterborough sometime later than 16:45 on Sunday.  I am going to Cambridge and need 4 seats.|I have a train leaving at 16:48, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes I would like you to book that for 4 people. May I have the reference number please?|Yes, the Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : G3XQ3F49.
Thanks!  I appreciate your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all, thanks again.|It was my pleasure. If you need anything else just let me know.
Find me an expensive restaurant in the south please.|There are 5 results. Would you like chinese, indian, italian, or mexican food?
I would like a restaurant that serves Chinese food.|There are two great choices. The good luck chinese food takeaway and the peking restaurant. Would you like me to book you one?
No, I'm just interested in the address and phone number right now.|10 Hometown Street City Centre and phone is 01223354755
I need to find a train leaving Cambridge after 12:15.|Okay. What is the destination?
That will be London King's Cross, and I'll be travelling on Tuesday.|TR0315 is the first train out after 12:15. It departs at 13:00 and arrives at King's Cross at 13:51. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, I need 6 of them.|That booking was successful and your reference number is A7PJEHZW.
I also need a hotel. Do not need Free Parking.|I have about 3 guesthouses and 1 hotel to choose from. Is there an area that you would like to stay in?
I need something in the south area.|I'm sorry there are no guesthouses in the south. Would you like a different area or a hotel instead?
Maybe try one with free parking.|rosa's bed and breakfast is super cheap, has free parking though, but it is a 4 star. Would you like to book it?
That would be fine. Can you book that for the same group of people for 2 nights starting on sunday.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is 9VM0WVB8. Will that be all?
Thank you, that will be all. good bye.|I hope you enjoy your stay!
I need a train to cambridge that leaves after 18:45.|Where will you be departing from?
I will need to depart from ely.|And what day are you leaving?
I would like to leave on Saturday.|I have a train on Saturday that leaves at 19;35 and arrives by 19:52. Would that do?
I can work with that.|Would you like me to book tickets for you?
Yes, I need tickets for 5 people.|You are booked for 5 tickets leaving Ely on Saturday at 19:35 and arriving in Cambridge at 19:52. Your reference number is Q245NAJF and the total fee is 17.6 Pounds payable at the station.
I am also looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called pizza express.|Great, I see that is a moderate italian restaurant located in the centre. When would you like to book it for and how many people?
Please book a table for the same group of people at 21:00 on the same day.|The restaurant is reserved for 5 people on Saturday. Your reference number is Z5PRYMDV. Is there anything else?
No that is all. Thank you for all your help.|I hope you have a wonderful meal.
Thanks again for all of your help.|Glad I could help. Have a great day.
Yes, hopefully you can help with my planning.  I am looking for a place to stay.|I can help with that. What part of town will you be traveling to?
I will be traveling to the north.|We have quite a few places in the North that you may enjoy staying, is there a particular price range you have in mind?
I would prefer something moderately priced.|I have several guesthouses and hotels that are located in the area that match your price range, did you have any other preferences?
Moderately priced, free parking in the north.|How about the Hamilton lodge?
Sure, could I get the phone number and postcode?|The postcode for the Hamilton Lodge is cb41da and the phone number is 01223365664.
Can you tell me if the Hamilton is a hotel or guesthouse?|It is a guesthouse
I'm in need of a train leaving Boxbourne that can't arrive any later than 14:00.  Can you find me one?|But of course. I just need a bit more info. What time do you want to leave and on what day?
I want to leave on Monday. It doesn't matter what time the train leaves as long as I arrive by 14:00.|Just to confirm:  Is your destination Cambridge or another city?
Yes, my destination is Cambridge, and I'll be coming in from Broxbourne.|Okay, that helps give us a good start, what day are you wanting to travel?
Monday, please. For 6 people.|It looks like there is a train leaving broxbourne at 12:32 and arriving in cambridge at 13:32. The price is 17.90 pounds per passenger. Shall I book this for you?
Yes, please. I'll need 6 tickets.|The Booking for TR0354 was successful, the total fee is 107.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 8UV8Y3A7.
Thank you so much. You have been very helpful!|You are very welcomed. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a train to depart Cambridge leaving on Wednesday, can you help me?|There are over 200 trains departing Cambridge on Wednesday. What will be your destination?
I will be leaving from Cambridge.  I need to go to Peterborough.|There are 38 trains leaving from cambridge to peterborough. What time you would like to leave?
I would like to leave after 14:00 and make a booking.|I can book you on the TR 3587 leaving at 14:06 and arriving by 14:56. Would that be good?
Yes,and the reference number as well, please.|I will be glad to book this for you and get a reference number. Do you only need one ticket for yourself?
I would like to book for 5 people.|Your tickets have been reserved. The total will be 82.5 GBP, payable at the station, and your reference number is FSS5PPSG. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you recommend a good Turkish restaurant, moderately priced, in the centre of town?|Yes. Either Anatolia or Efes Restaurant would be a good choice. Would you like me to book you a table at one of them?
Anatolia sounds great. Can you give me their address, postcode, and phone?|Anatolia's address is 30 Bridge street City Centre, the postcode is cb21uj, and the phone number is 01223362372.  Is there anything else I can do to help you?
No, that will be all thank you.|You are welcome.  Have a great day! Goodbye!
I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and I was told the A and B Guest House was a great place to stay.  Can you give me information about it?|Absolutely! This is a moderately priced guest house with four stars. There is wifi included. It is located on the east. What else can I help with?
Do you have free parking? I refuse to pay for parking in a hotel that I am staying at. Wouldn't you agree?|Yes, I would as a matter of fact. And yes the offer free parking.
Okay, sounds good.  Also I need to get a train from Liverpool street to Cambridge.|What day would you like to make this trip? Do you have any other specifications?
Oh wait, you know what? I forgot to ask about star ratings. What's the star rating on the A and B Guest House, please?|It has four stars. Would you still like information on the train?
The train should leave after 12:45 and should leave on friday. for 2 people please book.|TR5015 leaves london liverpool street at 13:39 and arrives at cambridge by 15:07.  Would this work for you?
Does that train leave on Friday?|Yes, that train leaves on Friday.
I need two tickets.|Okay, two tickets are booked, for a total price of 33.2 GBP, and your reference number is MY04HJ0A, do you need anything else today?
No thanks, that is everything.|Thanks for using our system!
Can you help me find a place called Hughes Hall?|Yes, they are located in the centre on wollaston road, postal is cb12ew and phone is 01223334898.  Is there anything else that I can assist with?
What part of town is it located in? Are there any restaurants in that area?|Hughes Hall is located in the centre.  There are a lot of restaurants in that part of town.  Are you interested in a particular type?
Can I have the address and phone number? I also need a train leaving Sunday and arriving by 21:00|The address for Hughes Hall is Wollaston Road. The phone number is 01223334898.
Thanks. I also need a train for Sunday.|Okay, what is your destination and arrival preference?
I need to go to cambridge from kings lynn.|I have train TR6368 leaving at 6:11 and arriving at 6:58. Would you like to book that?
Yes please book that train, for 7 people. And may I get a reference number for the booking? Thanks.|sure thing your ref # is 7RBUS3T6, anything else today?
No thank you. Have a great day. Goodbye|I am glad to help have a nice stay
Can you help me find a train? I am looking for that departs from Cambridge on Saturday.|There are 202 trains leaving from Cambridge on Saturday. Can you give me a destination point so that I can narrow it down for you?
I would like to go to Birmingham New Street and the train should leave after 14:15.|The TR3735 leaves at 15:01, will that suit you?
That would be great. Can you get me 7 tickets on that train?|Alright, you booking was successful, your confirmation number is KU1R7NQO.
Ok. Is that also the reference number? Thanks.|That's correct, the number I gave you was the reference number you'll need.  You'll need to pay 420.56 GBP when you get to the station.  Is there anything else?
Okay. Thank you very much.|Is there anything I can help you with today?
No, that would be all. Thanks. Have a night day.|Thank you.  You have a night day as well.
Hello I am looking for a train leaving from ely and arriving at cambridge.|What day would you like to travel on?
Monday leaving after 8:00.|Train TR2987 leaves ely at 09:35 and arrives in cambridge at 09:52.  Would that work?
yes it will, please book for three and get the reference number|OK, your 3 seats on TR2987 are reserved, reference #D4K46W8T. Can I help you with anything else today?
I am also looking to get some Indian food.|Curry Prince is an Indian cuisine on the East side of town and in the moderate price range, would you like to try?
No I want somewhere cheap in the centre actually|There are three options available to you then. I recommend kohinoor. Do you want a table reserved?
Yes. please reserve for 3 people on monday at 11:00 and give me the reference number|The table is book and the reference number is TZS9RXI3.
That is all I needed, thank you and good day!|Okay, have a wonderful time during your visit!
I am looking for a train that goes to Cambridge and arrives by 16:30.|I am showing 791 entries that will fit your criteria . Is their a specific day or departure location you would like ?
Yes, I need to leave Norwich on Friday.|Is there a arrive or leave by time you prefer?
I am going to cambridge on friday, leaving from norwich and I need to book 5 tickets. And can you please give me the reference number?|I have 10 trains that will have you arriving by 16:30.  Do you have a specific departure time?
I just need to arrive by 16:30 find a time close to that and help me get 5 tickets please.|I have booked you on the TR4828 departing Norwich from Cambridge at 14:16 and arriving by 15:35, the total is 88GBP and your reference number is HXYMACBP.
I also need help looking up a restaurant called hk fusion.|It is a chinese food in the centre. It is expensive and located at 21 Burleigh Street City Centre.
Could you book a table for me there please?  5 people on Friday at 20:00.|The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is YB8DRR8X. What else may assist you with?
Thank you! I think that's all I need for now.|You are welcome, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves indian food.|Sure, what is your price point?
as cheap as possible|There are three restaurants: Kohinoor, The Gandhi, and Mahal of Cambridge.
ok lets try the gandhi, a table for 4 on sat at 14:15, and I need the reference number|The booking was successful and your reference number is 57DS952F.
I'm also looking for a train that leaves London Kings Cross on Saturday and arrives in Cambridge by 09:45.|I have train TR8885 that leaves at 07:17 and arrives in Cambridge by 08:08. Will that work for you?
Would it be possible to book that train for 4 people?|I have made your reservation for 4 tickets on TR8885. The total fee is 75.52 GBP payable at the station and your reference number is KO3L1QDO.
Thanks, that's all I needed today!|Thank you. Let us know if you need more help.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|sure, do you need a train to get here?
Yes, on tuesday from kings lynn, leaving after 10:30 please?|TR8331  leaves at 11:11	and arrives 11.58. can i book this one for you?
Yes please, I need 3 tickets and the reference number.|Alright,  the total fee is 29.4 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is: 3LS7FBU8. Anything else I can get you?
Yes, I am also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi.|We have lots of hotels!  Any part of town you'd prefer?
I do not have a preference on area.|Are you on a budget?
No. I would prefer something expensive and with free wifi.|Okay, how about the University Arms Hotel?
is that a guest house?|no, it's listed as a hotel. do you need a guesthouse?
Yes please.|I don't have any guesthouses available that meet your criteria. Would you be willing to stay in a hotel? Or can we search using different criteria?
No, I really want a guesthouse. What about something in the moderate price range?|in what area do you prefer?
i dont care about the area|There are 14 guesthouses in the city that meet your criteria. Let's see if we can narrow it down a little. Do you need internet or parking?
The hotel should include free wifi.|What area of town would you like to stay in?
i don't care, i already told you that.|And do you have a preference on the number of stars the establishment should have? I see both 3 and 4 star options.
I would prefer a four star can you send me some info on that?|Sure thing, I would suggest the acorn guest house.
Give me their area and address|The Acorn Guest House is located in the north part of the city and their address is 154 chesterton road. Anything else for you today?
No. Thanks you. That's all. Goodbye|Thank you for calling our service today. Please let us know if we can assist you with your future needs. Goodbye!
Yes, I need some train information.  Looking to depart cambridge and arrive by 08:45.|TR5767 leaves at 05:00 should i book it for you?
No, thank you. Does that leave on Tuesday and go to birmingham new street?|No, but I have 3 others that do. Would you like me to book one?
Yes please. I will need a ticket for one and the reference number.|I booked a seat on TR3225 with reference number 0KARLG2E.  The fee is 75.09 payable at the station.  Can I be of further help to you today?
Yes. I am also looking for a place to stay in the south of town. Are there any guesthouses there?|I have three guesthouse located in the south. Did you have a price range in mind?
I would prefer something on the cheaper side.|Rosa's bed and breakfast is cheap, 4 stars, located in the south, and includes internet and parking! Would you like me to book?
No not today. I think that is everything I need. Thank you.|Thank you again for using our service. Good day ma'am.
I need a train that leaves at 18:45 and goes to Cambridge.|Sure. Where are you departing from and what day would you like to travel?
I'm leaving from Broxburne on Friday.|There is a train leaving at 19:12.
Great, can I get 2 tickets on that train?|I have made those reservations. Your reference number is F2A9AC1K.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I am looking for a place to go maybe a theatre.|Sure there are a few.  Would you like it to be in a specific area of town?
It doesn't matter. You make a suggestion and provide the entrance fee, phone number, and area|ADC is in the centre, 01223300085. The entrance fee is not available at the time. Is there anything else?
Yes, what area is this located in?  I may give them a call today and ask about the entrance fee.|It is located in the centre. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all today. Thank you.|Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo. Have a great day.
I'm looking for somewhere to go|There are many options for you. What type of attraction would you like to visit?
I don't really care. But it needs to be in the western part of cambridge.|Lynne strover gallery is a museum located in the west, and the entrance is free. Would you like the address and phone for it?
Just the address in the postcode would be great|The Lynne Strover Gallery is located at 23 High Street, Fen Ditton and the postcode is cb30aq. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need to book a train as well.|Okay. Where do you need to depart from and arrive to? And what time would you like to arrive?
I'd like to depart from cambridge and arrive in leicester by 16:00.|TR4792 leaves at 13:31 and arrives at 15:06.  Would you like to book it?
Yeah, that'll work, good ahead and book it for just me, thanks.|Great. I booked you for one ticket on the train. Your reference number is BURBKJXX. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that'll be all. Thanks a lot.|You're very welcome.  Have a great day.
I can't wait to get to Cambridge and try some of the restaurants I've heard about. Can you tell me about one of them? I think the name is Little Seoul.|Little Seoul is a Korean restaurant in the city centre which is in the expensive price range. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes, please. Table for 8 at 15:00 on wednesday.|I'm so sorry, but Little Seoul was unable to accommodate that reservation. Would you like to try a different day or time?
Can we do the same day at 14:00 instead?|The booking was successful, reference number is 0F3L674U
Great I also need to get a train on thursday leaving from cambridge.|Where will you be wanting to go?
I'd like to arrive in Norwich by 13:15 if possible.|I have a train leaving cambridge at 11:36 and arriving in norwich by 12:55. Would you like me to book that for you today?
Thats is great, I need it for 8 people as well, and can I get a reference number as well please?|Sure thing. Your booking was successful. Your reference number is : WOWBP7SK.
That's all I need. Thank you!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a nice trip!  Goodbye!
Hey, I'd like to find a hotel in the north, today.|I have 13 hotels in the north. What type of hotel did you want?
I want one with moderate prices that has free wifi.|I have five hotels that match your requests.
Do they include wifi?|Yes all of them do. May I recommend something to you?
I am open to any hotel that matches my requests. I need it booked for 1 person, 3 nights starting thursday|Okay. I would like to recommend the Acorn Guest House.
Ok can you book that for me and get me a confirmation number|May i please have your details (Name, ID, Phone number, email) so i can go ahead and make the booking for you?
You have all the information you need.|I made the booking for you.  Your confirmation number is DN8DIW5T.  What else can I do for you?
I need a train.|I'm going to need more information than that. Where will you be departing from, and what is your destination? And do you have a date and time in mind?
i will be leaving from cambridge after 15:45|Okay, and where are you traveling to?
i'm traveling to kings lynn and need to leave after 15:45|There are a number of trains that leave after 15:45. The one closest to the time is TR1911 leaving at 16:11. What day would you like to travel?
I'll need the to take the train on Tuesday. I'll need it for the same number of people as my hotel reservation.|Your 1 ticket booking on the TR1911 train was successful, the total fee is 9.8 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is : O8BN9KXH.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?|Can I help you with anything else?
That will be all. Thank you for your help.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I am looking for multiple sports in the centre.|Sorry I have no listing in centre,can I check another area?
No. How about colleges? Are there any of those in the area?|There are thirteen colleges that are listed in the city's centre.
Pick one! I just need to phone number, postcode, and address, please.|Christ College, 0122334900, Saint andrews Street cb23bu.
Thanks.  I was also interested in finding a train from Cambridge.  Can you help me with that?|We will miss you!  Where are you traveling to?
I need to go to Kings Lynn on Thursday after 19:00.|Okay the TR0481 matches your needs. It leaves at 19:11.
that sounds good, i will need a reservation for eight people and give me a reference number also please.|Your booking has been successful. Your total fee is 78.4 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is AUPD31QM. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thats everything I needed thanks|wonderful, enjoy your visit!
I  need a train going to cambridge.|There are a lot of trains going to cambridge, where are you leaving from and what day? What time do you want to leave?
I will be departing from Bishops Stortford on Monday and need a train that will leave that Monday from Bishops Stortford to arrive Cambridge by 10:30.|There are three trains that would work. The earliest leaves at 5:29, the latest leaves at 9:29, arriving at 10:07. Which should I book for you?
I would like to book the 5:29 for 7 passengers if that is available.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.7 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : IUNU69VQ. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thanks. i also need a hotel to stay and should include free wifi|Okay, what area would you like to stay in?
I would like to stay on the west side and also need free parking.|Alright I found two options for you an expensive one and a cheap one. Which would you prefer to book?
I don't have a preference.  What do you recommend?|I would recommend the Hungtingdon Marriott Hotel. It's expensive and in the west. It's 4 star rated and offers free wifi and parking. Do you need a room?
Yes, please. 7 people for 3 nights on Monday.|Reference number is J9Z5CBKI. Is there anything else?
That is all, thanks for your assistance.|You are more than welcome. Goodbye.
Hi there. I need help finding a train leaving Cambridge on Sunday.|Okay, train TR8131 leaves at 7:17 on Sunday and arrives by 8:08.  Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please book it|Excellent, how many are travelling?
The train should be arriving at london liverpool street and leave after 10:00. I would like 4 tickets for that specific train. I also need the reference number.|I would recommend TR5767 which leaves Cambridge at 10:21 and arrives in Leicester at 12:06.  Would you like this to be booked for you?
Let's back up a bit here. I need to get to London Liverpool Street, not Leicester.|I have TR9025 that I can book for you that departs cambridge at 11:59 and arrives at liverpool street at 13:27. Does that work for you?
It does. Please book for four people and give me the reference number.|I was able to book those 4 tickets for you. Your reference number is G6ULCKEV. Is there anything more I can help you with?
I'm also looking for information about a hotel called cityroomz.|cityroomz is a moderately priced 0-star hotel in the centre area. Anything more specific about it you'd like to know?
Yes can you tell me the area it is located in and the postal code?|Yes, it's in the centre area and the postcode is cb12tz. I can try to book you a room if you'd like. Or help you with something else?
That's okay. Thanks for all your help!|You're welcome, enjoy.
Could you give me some information on getting a train to Cambridge on Thursday?|I sure can! We have several trains that meet that criteria, do you have a specific departure point in mind?
Yes, I want to leave London Liverpool Street sometime after 10:15.|I can get you on an 11:39 departure. Will that work for you?
Yes, can you book that for 2 people and give me a reference number?|Your train has been booked, reference number is EC3AFT68.
I am also looking for a expensive restaurant located in the centre.|i'd like to suggest to you bedouin
Sounds great, can you reserve us a table? Same 2 people and on the same day. We'd like to eat at 17:00.|Reservations for the same day have been booked for the bedouin. The reference number is U5H97VUV.
I need to get a train from cambridge to Norwich.|I have a train leaving at 12:36 and arriving at 13:55. Is that ok?
Actually no, I need a train leaving on Monday after 20:30.|I have a train which leaves at 20:36. Would that work for you?
book for 4. get me the reference number please|Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.4 GBP payable at the station.  Reference number is : RI594OCX.
Awesome. You've been a great help. Thank you.|You're very welcome. Goodbye.
Is the travellers rest restaurant still open?|It appears that they are open, but their number is 01223276182 to verify. Does that help?
Can I book a table for six people on Sunday? At 12:15?|Reference number is : 7WXPZ42X. Anything else?
I also need to find a train from ely to cambridge.|Let me narrow down the choices. What day will you be traveling? And, what time do you want to arrive or depart?
I will be traveling on Sunday.|Alright I have 10 trains. Please tell me when you want to leave or arrive
I'd like to arrive by 08:15. Please select the first option that comes up and book for 6 people, then send me the reference number|The booking was successful and your reference number is CKRJK7NI.
That is all I needed, thank you!|Thank you for using our services. Have a great day!
Thank you. Goodbye.|lad we could help, call back soon!
hi I want a train to Ely arrived by 13:45, can you help me do that?|What time do you want to depart?
Any time is fine as long as it's on Saturday.|There is only one train that would meet your criteria closely and it leaves at 11:50 and arrives  in Ely at 12:07. may I book that for you?
Yes, please. I will need 8 tickets, and please give me the reference number once you book.|First, may I confirm that your departure site is Cambridge?
That is correct.|I have successfully booked you 8 tickets. Your reference number is 0YY5WZQ6. Is there anything else you need?
I also need a Thai restaurant in the moderate price range.|I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants that meet your criteria. Would you like to broaden your search?
What about a restaurant that serves european food? I'd like the phone no. and postcode to that, please.|There are 5 places that serve European. Did you prefer modern European, or just European food in general?
Just european food in general, please.|How about the Galleria? Their phone number is 01223362054 and the address is 33 Bridge Street, the postcode is cb21uw
Sounds lovely. Thank you so much for all of your help!|Thank you for using this system.
I'm looking for a train that goes to Cambridge on Saturday|Would you like to leave or arrive by a certain time?
I would like to leave after 21:30.|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from broxbourne.|We have 3 options that meet your criteria. All depart within an hour of each other starting at 21:32. Would you like me to book one of them for you?
Yes, whichever train has seats available for 7 people.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 100.24 GBP payable at the station.  The train departs at 21:32. Your reference# is UZFW2TAQ. Is there anything else?
No that's all thanks|Okay, have a good day then
Will need a train to arrive by 17:45  and should leave on Friday|There are 252 trains that fit that criteria. Where are you departing from and headed to?
I am in Broxbourne and need to travel to Cambridge on Friday.|There are a total of 12 trains that fit that criteria. Would a train that departs at 15:32 and arrives by 16:32 work for you?
Yes that will work. Could you please reserve tickets for 4 and provide the reference number too?|4 tickets are booked, your reference number is 41TU2A6G
Thank you.  I am also looking for a place to stay.  A hotel in the centre.|There are 3 hotels in center. Is there a price range you prefer?
In the moderate price range|In the moderate price range there is only the cityroomz hotel. Would you like to book a room?
Yes. For Friday, I'd like to book 4 people for 2 nights at the cityroomz. Please give me a reference number.|Your booking is successful the reference number is FP3FUS6E.
Thank you so much for all of your help. Have a great day.|You are very welcome! I am glad I was able to help, thank you for using our service and I hope we see you again.
Could you help me find a place to stay with free parking and free wifi?|I love the acorn guest house.  Need me to book a room?
Can you tell me a little bit about the Acorn first?|It is a guesthouse located in the north, at a moderate price range. It is rated 4 stars. Would you like to book a room?
No, I don't really like the north side - do you have any guesthouses in the east with free parking and wifi?|What kind of price would you like to pay?  I have 5 available with cheap to moderate for price ranges.
I will take a cheaper one please.|The allenbell guesthouse have everything you are looking for. It is within your price range, on the east side with free wifi and parking. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, I would need 5 people for 5 nights starting thursday, can they accommodate me?|They can accommodate you! Here is your reference number BS2C1Q5X. Is there anything else I can do to help you?
I am also looking for a train to Cambridge from Stansted Airport on Thursday. I would need to arrive by 14:00.|TR3637 will arrive at 13:52 would that work?
Yes, that's wonderful! I need 5 tickets please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 50.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : D7VF1LOX.
Great that's all I needed today thank you.|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
Yes, hi. I am looking for a train to get me out of Cambridge to someplace fun. Can you help me with that?|Of course! Do you know your destination?
Yes, I would like to go to Peterborough. I want to travel on Friday and get there by 21:30.|Is there a time you would like to leave?
I just need to get there by 21:30.|Okay I have a train would you like a ticket to hogwarts?
To Peterborough, please, for 4 people. I need to arrive by 21:30.|I have booked it and the reference is GKJEBZN9.
Thanks, I also need a place to stay in Cambridge. I don't care about free parking, though.|there are so many places. which side do you prefer?
I would like to stay in the south please.|Rosa's Bed and breakfast is a 4 star guesthouse in the South part of town in the cheap price range including free Internet and parking.
Thank you. What is the postcode?|The post code is  cb22ha. Can I assist you with anything else?
No thank you! That will be all!|It was a pleasure assisting you today. Good-bye.
I need a thursday train that arrives by 8:30.|Where are you leaving from and going to?
I need to go from cambridge to stevenage.|You have two options; TR2016 departs at 05:21 and TR4376 departs at 07:21. Would you be interested in either of these?
Either one is fine. I need 8 tickets please.|Would you like a reference number?
Yes I would like the reference number, can you also give me information about Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds?|It is located on Cherry Hinton Road and phone is 01223446104 is there any thing else
I need a one bed hotel room near Cambridge on Friday. Can you assist?|You chose attraction and the hotels will not come up. I can assist with attractions.
I would like a recommend for an attraction to visit in the Centre please.|It depends on what you like - do you like museums? Colleges? Music? Let me know so I can recommend something
I'm not particular. I'm just looking for something to do. Is there something that you could recommend as a you don't want to miss while your in town thing?|We have a great cinema here in town. It is called Vue Cinema. It's in the centre of town. Would that sound like something you would be interested in?
Yes, can I get the address and phone number?|Sure! They are located at The Grafton Centre, East Road, and their phone number is 08712240240. Can I help you with anything else?
I am also interested in finding a train to Cambridge from Norwich on Thursday.|We have 19 trains that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by departure time or arrival time?
i need the train to leave after 15:30.|I have a total of nine entries. Would you like to narrow it down? Or I have a train at 15:36, or 16:36 as well?
15 36 is good. book for 5 please|I've got your tickets booked.    Need a place to stay?
May I have the reference number?|I will get that reference number for you.
Okay...do you have the reference number yet?|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I would like information on museums to visit in the centre of town.|There are 11 museums in the centre of town. Is there a particular museum you are interested in?
Which one do you recommend? Can i have the address and phone number?|I'd recommend the Castle Galleries their phone number is 01223307402 and address is unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street
Thanks! I also need a train to Broxbourne on Saturday.|Sure. Where are you departing from and when did you want to arrive?
I am departing from Cambridge and don't care what time I arrive as long as I depart after 21:30 from broxbourne.|The TR5034 departs from cambridge at 22:01.
I think that one is a good bet. Can you book it for me?|How many tickets do you need?
I've got a group of 8 people in all.|You are booked for 8.  Your total fee is 114.56 GBP.  TR5034 departs from cambridge at 22:01 and arrives in broxbourne by 23:01.
What is the reference number?|The reference number is UWNPYQIB.
I was wondering if you could help me in finding a train to the airport.|Sure.  Where will you be leaving from?
I will need to leave from Cambridge if that's ok|What day are you travelling?
On Wednesday. I need the train to arrive by 19:15.|I have a train that arrives earlier at 18:08 and one that arrives just before your specified time at 19:08.
I'd like to book 3 tickets on the train arriving at 19:08, please. And would it be possible to have a reference number for the booking?|OK, you have 3 tickets reserved on TR4447, departing Cambridge at 18:40, arriving Stansted at 19:08. Total fee is 30.29 GBP. Reference #5VRJSMSE. Will that be all today?
Yes, it will. Thanks so much. Have a nice day.|You are very welcome.  Enjoy your day too.  Bye.
I am looking for a 4 star hotel with free wifi.|There are three matching hotel of that description, do you have a set price range to narrow down the options?
I would also like free parking|Huntingdon marriott hotel is available, would you like to try that?
What is their address?|The address is Kingfisher Way, Hinchinbrook Business Park, Huntingdon, postcode pe296fl.
Ok great. I need to get a train ticket going too kings lynn on friday. Can you help me?|Looks like there are 19 trains leaving that day. Do you have a time you would like to arrive?
I need a train that leaves afer 21:15 and departs from cambridge.|Train TR0394 leaves at 22:11. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, for just myself please.|You are all set.  Reference KKPNSQA3.  The total fee is 9.80 pounds which is payable at the station.  Anything else I can help with?
No thank you.  That's all I needed.  Good bye.|Have a great day.
I'm looking for a restaurant called pizza express Fen Ditton, do you have any information on it?|Yes, What would you like to know about it?
Can you tell me if they have a table for 8 available at 12:45 Monday?|Yes they certainly do. I made you a reservation for Monday and your reference number is 8V5QECRH.
Wait, I need to change the booking to friday.|No problem; I've updated your reservation to Friday. Your new reference number is RJQO3OZ0. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I also need a train after 18:15 on Saturday.|Sure I can help you with that.  Where would you like to depart from?
I'm leaving from cambridge, and I need to go to bishops stortford.|The TR4673 leaves at 19:29, you'll arrive by 20:07. Would you like to book it?
Yes, I would like to reserve seats on that train. Same group from the restaurant.|Thank you for all your information. Enjoy your lunch at Pizza Express Fen Ditton.
Thank you very much!|enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I'm looking for information on trains from Broxbourne to Cambridge.|There are many trains departing throughout the day, which day were you looking to leave?
Tursday, leaving after 17:00, please.|The TR1828 departs Broxbourne at 17:32, arrives in Cambridge at 18:32. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes please.  I would like a booking for 5 people and the reference number once the booking has been confirmed.|Reference number is : VRSU89VK. at the  price of 89.5 GBP
I'm also looking for a college to see in the centre area. Can you give me some matches to this criteria?|I have 13 colleges listed in the centre. Christ's college and downing college both have free admission.
Christ's college sounds perfect. Can I get the postcode and phone number please?|Yes. The phone number is 01223334900 and the postcode is cb23bu.
That's all I need. Thanks.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Hello, I'm looking for a train departing from ely.|Okay, sure  I'd be happy to help. Did you have a specific destination or date in mind?
Yes I want to arrive in Cambridge on Tuesday.|What time would you like to depart and/or arrive?
I need to depart from ely and arrive in cambridge by 17:15|There are 6 available trains that will arrive in Cambridge by that time. There is 5:52, 7:52, 9:52, 11:52, 13:52 and 15:52. Which would you like?
The 5:52 will be fine. Please book it for five people.|Sure, you reference number is 5CAOA9FN. Is there anything else i can do for you today?
Awesome. I'm also looking for places to go in the centre. Can you get me the entrance fees to these places?|I have 79 places for you to go. Can you help me narrow your search by specifying what type of place you would like information on?
I would like an attraction in the centre please.|Okay, that narrows it down to 44.  Is there any specific place you'd like to go to?
Do you have any museums?|There are 11 museums in the area, would you be interested in the whipple museum of the history of science?
Sure, the history of science sounds cool. How much is the entrance fee for it?|It actually has no entrance fee, would you like the address?
Yes, I think that's the last thing I'll need.|The address is free school lane. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|Thank you for using our service!
I would like to find out about going to a park in the west.|There are no parks in the west. Would you like me to look in another area, or for a different attraction?
What about a museum on the west side?|Sure. There are 7 options.  Do you have any preference as far as entrance fee?
Free is great for entrance fee. I'll just need the postcode.|Cafe Jello gallery is free. Their postcode is cb30af.
I'm also looking for a train to leave after 12:30|there is a train leaving for london kings cross at 13:00, would you like me to book a seat for you?
No, thank you - were you just going to book a random day for me?|Where are you traveling from and your destination? Also what day?
I need to go Cambridge from London Liverpool street on Thurday, please.|Okay! How about the 13:59 train? It's the earliest one after 12:30.
THat sounds great, can I please get 6 tickets?|I booked you 6 tickets on the TR4187. Your reservation is OQ5TX031. A total of 99.6 GBP is due at the station. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. You've been very helpful. Have a great day!|thank you for using this service good bye
Hello! Are there any cheap restaurants in the centre?|There are 15! Are you looking for a particular type of cuisine?
No just one that I can book for friday would be good.|What time would you like to book and for how many people?
16:00 on Friday please for 6 people.|zizzi cambridge is an italian restaurant in the centre, shall I book?
Yes, can I also get the reference number?|Your reference number is AZ5ZZKQ0.
Thank you, I also am looking for a train that goes from cambridge to stansted airport|I can help you with that.  What is the date and time you need to travel?
I need to arrive by 09:45 Saturday.|I can get you on one at 8:40. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, please. For 6 people.|I can book you on TR5580 which will leave cambridge at 08:40 and arrive at stansted airport b 09:08.  How many shall I book it for?
I would need 6 tickets please and the reference number.|The total fee is 48.48 GBP and is payable at the station. The reference number is  J1U2HA9U.
Thank you. That'll be all!|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Please consider us for your future travel needs.
I need a train to Cambridge please. I plan to leave out on Tuesday|Sure, no problem. Where are you heading in from?
I am leaving peterborough.|What time do you need to travel?
I need to leave after 14:15|TR9964 departs peterborough at 14:19, or there is also a later one that leaves at 14:48. Do either of these suit your needs?
Um, the one at 14:48 please. Could you book it for 6 people?|Your train is book it will cost 99 GBP and payable at station. Your reference number is 7ZNQOMB8. Anything else you may need?
Yes. I'm looking for a restaurant called Gourmet Burger Kitchen. Can you tell me the price range and area that's in?|I sure can. Gourmet Burger Kitchen is on the expensive side and it's located in the center area of town. Anything else today?
No, that's it. Thanks for your help. Goodbye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I sure hope so. A friend recommended the Alexander Bed and Breakfast. What can you tell me about it?|It is a wonderful guesthouse located in the centre of town. It has a 4 star rating and offers both free parking and free internet. Would you like assistance booking?
That sounds like a great place! What's the address?|The address is 56 saint barnabas road.
I will also need a train on Tuesday.|There are several for Tuesday. Did you have a particular departure and arrival times?
I need the train to depart from Leicester and arrive in Cambridge by 10:15.  I am open on departure time.|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I'm looking for a train that will depart from bishops stortford and that will arrive by 11:45. I'm looking forward to a good lunch in Cambridge!|There is a train everday that arrives at 10:07
ok thank you, lets book that one|How many seats would you like to book on TR9178?
I would need seats for 5 people please.|I have you booked on TR2083 arriving in Cambridge at 10:07.  It will cost 50.5 payable at the station.  Reference EEBGS9FF.
Thank you. Can you also help me find a good Italian eatery? I'd like it to be moderately priced, please.|Sure, I can help you with that.  What section of town were you looking for?
The area doesn't matter. Please recommend a good place if you could. I need a table booked for 5 people at 16:45 on Tuesday.|My all time favorite italian food place is Prezzo. It is located in the west. Would you like me to reserve you a table?
yes, it'll be for the same group of people.|For what day and time is the reservation for 5?
Same day tuesday, lets try for 16:45, get a little ahead of the dinner crowd.|Your reference number for your reservation is 7E1MPES0 and they will hold the table for 15 minutes. Is there anything else that I may assist you?
That is all, thank you very much|You're welcome, have a great day!
I need to find a train leaving Cambridge on Wednesday.|I'd be happy to help you find a train. What is your destination?
I am looking to go to norwich.|I have many trains for you. Did you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
The train should arrive by 21:30|TR7855 will arrive at 20:55 if that works for you
That sounds goo. Can you book for 4 people?|Your booking was successful. The total fee will be 70.4 GBP and your reference number is K82OYK3I. Can I help you with anything else?
I am also looking for a restaurant on the east side of town.|There are several to choose from. The Grafton Hotel Restaurant serves classic British fare, but is on the expensive side. Does that sound good or were you looking for something else?
Yes it sound good, can you book table for 4 people at 16:30 on Wednesday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is: 57035G2J. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's it. Thank you for your help.|Enjoy your train ride and dinner!
Hello, I'm looking for a place to go in the north. Could you suggest some places?|Milton Country Park is in the north and has free admission.
Can I get the phone number please?|Absolutely. Their phone number is 01223420060. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yea I also need a train that goes to cambridge and should leave after 17:30.|What day will you be traveling, and where would you like to depart from?
I'm leaving Kings Lynn on Wednesday.|Is there a time you would liek to arrive by?
Arrival time does not matter, just leave after 17:30|How many people would you like to book?
I need to book for two people and I need the reference number.|I have a train leaving at 18:11. Will that do?
That would work.  Can you book that please?|You train has been booked. Total fee is 19.6 GBP which is payable at the station. Your reference number is 5PVB9XYJ.
Perfect!  That is all I needed.  Thank you for the help.  Goodbye!|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Are there any trains leaving from Cambridge on Thursday?|Yes there are. What is your destination?
I'm heading to Broxbourne.|We have trains leaving hourly from Cambridge to Broxbourne, starting at 5:01 for 17.90 pounds. What time would you like to leave?
I am looking for one that will arrive by 15:00|TR2125 leaves at 09:01 and arrives at 10:01. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, I would also like the reference number for the booking please.|Okay, how many tickets would you like?
I need that for 6 people.|You have 6 tickets on TR125 leaving Thursday at 9:01.  Reference number is PPP9YI7K.  107.4 GBP will be payable at the station.  Can I help you further?
No, I think I'm all set. Thank you very much for your help!|Have a great day!
I am looking for moderately-priced three-star guesthouse in Cambridge.|There are four guesthouses that meet your criteria. Do you need internet or parking?
It doesn't need to have free parking and I don't care about the internet. Which guesthouse can accommodate for 3 people?|I have located one hotel matching your search criteria, the Alpha-Milton Guest House. The phone number is 01223311625. Would you like to make a reservation?
I would like to call them myself please. Thank you.|Sure. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes please. Can I actually have you book them? I need the reference number as well.|Sure. I will need to know how many people you would like to book it for, what day you would like and how many days you would like to stay.
I'll need the reservation for 3 people starting Saturday for 4 nights.|I have booked your stay at the alpha-milton guest house. The reference number is HS3MWJ10
Thank you, I will also need a train from Peterborough to Cambridge on Saturday. Is there anything available?|There are 38 trains from Peterborough to Cambridge on Saturday, all throughout the day. Can narrow down the time of day you wish to travel?
I wish to arrive before 12:45.|There are 14 trains arriving by that time. When would you like to leave?
Saturday from Peterborough to Cambridge for 3 people. I will need the reference number too please.|Right, Saturday, did you have a time you want to leave by? The trains leave every 30 minutes starting at 5:19
It doesn't matter when I leave, as long as I arrive by 12:45.|TR5538 leaves at 11:48 and will arrive by 12:38. Would you like for me to book this train for you?
Yes, for the same group of 3 people from before.|Your booking was successful. Reference number is PR8JE3DU and total is 39.59 GBP. Can I help you with anything else today?
No I think that will be it, thank you for your help!|You're welcome. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I need to leave london kings cross and arrive at cambridge by 11:00.|Do you have a day you want to travel on ?
I want to travel by train on Friday.|The TR5686 will have you in Cambridge at 10:08.
Great I need 6 tickets and the reference number.|Your reservation on the TR5686 train for 6 was successful. Your Reference number is : FD35AIJM.
Great. Can you also tell me about the bedouin restaurant?|Sure, the Bedouin restaurant is located in the centre of town at 100 Mill Road City Centre. Their phone number is 01223367660. They serve african food. Is there anything else?
Yes, what is there postcode?|their post code is cb12bd.
Great, that is everything I need.  May your day be filled with awesomeness.|thanks have a great day
I want a place to stay. Find me a hotel that includes free parking.|There are eight accomodations of the hotel type with free parking. What part of town do you prefer?
The west, please. And can I get free wifi?|The Cambridge Belfry is an inexpensive, 4 star option on the west side with free wifi and free parking.
Yes, that sounds like a good choice. Can you book it for me for 3 people starting Saturday? Thanks|Sure, I can do that.  How many nights would you like it for?
I would like to stay for 3 nights.|I was able to book the hotel for you. The reference number is BTTS9GYC. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a train from norwich to get to the hotel by 16:30.|I have several available. When do you want to leave?
It doesn't really matter, just need to get there by 16:30.|Okay I have a train tat gets to Cambridge at 15:35. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please book that for the same group of people.|I booked 3 people departing Norwich on train TR8899 at 14:16 Saturday and arriving in Cambridge at 15.35. The reference number is 8XF0PN0Q. The fee is 42.24 GDP. Anything else?
Thank you for arranging the lodging and transportation. That's all I need. Goodbye.|Thanks for using us! Enjoy your trip!
I'm looking for an attraction called whale of a time.|Yes, Whale of a Time is entertainment located in the west on Unit 8, Viking Way, Bar Hill. Their phone number is 01954781018.
What is the postcode?|The postcode is cb238el
Great Thank you. I also need to look for a train departing from Ely to Cambridge on a Tuesday.|I can help with that.  What time did you need to travel?
I need to leave after 11:30 please.|The TR3412 leaves at 11:35, arriving at 11:52. Will that work?
Yes, that will work for me.|Would you like me to book this then?
Yes please book this train and give me the reference number.|How many tickets will you need?
I need 4 tickets, please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : MM13YYHP. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you so much. That will be all today. Goodbye|Thank you and have a nice day.
I want a place to stay in the north of town.|Okay, any other preferences? We have plenty of options.
I would like something with a 2 star rating if possible.|We have ashley hotel on chesterton road or lovell lodge on milton. Would you like me to book one of those?
Bood ashley hotel for 2 people and 3 nights starting from Thursday.  What is the reference number please?|Yes your reference number is N9AC95R7. I hope you enjoy your stay.
I am also looking for a train. Can you help me with that?|Of course. When would you like to leave by?
The train should go to cambridge and should leave after 21:15. The train should depart from birmingham new street and should be on the same day as the hotel booking|I have train TR3736 leaving at 6:40 and arriving at 9:23.  Would you like to book that?
I need the train to leave after 21:15. I also need it booked for two people.|How about train TR7324 that leaves at 21:40 and arrives by 24:23. Would you like to make reservations on that?
Yes please. I need tickets for 2 people.|Okay, booking was successful, the total fee is 150.19 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 3YS7IOSA. Anything else I can help you with?
That will be all today.. Thanks. Goodbye|Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I need to find a train headed to Cambridge that leaves after 10:00 AM. Can you help?|Sure! Where are you departing from and what day do you want to travel?
I'm departing from Leicester and leaving on Monday.|I think the train that you need is TR0032.  It leaves at 10:09 on Monday morning.  Do you have any more questions?
I need to make a booking for two. How can I do that?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.59 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : VXQS41EF. anything else today?
I need a moderate priced Jamican restaurant.|i recommend cotto..phone-01223302010
Do they serve Jamaican food and is it in the Centre?|no they serve british food and they are at the centre
How about Italian food?|i have 9 places that serve italian food in the centre. i highly recommend zizzi cambridge. they are cheap but the food is great.
I only need their postcode please.|Their postcode is cb21ab. Anything else I can do for you?
No. That's all I need. Thank you.|your welcome, have a great day!
I need to catch a train on Thursday, departing from Birmingham New Street.|Okay and what is your destination please?
I am travelling to Cambridge.|Please specify your choice of time for departure and arrival
I need to leave after 14:45.|What time do you need to arrive by?
I don't have an arrival preference.|I have the TR2148 that leaves at 15:40 for 75.10 pounds. Would you like to book it?
Yes I need 6 tickets and the reference number.|Sure thing, I will work on that now and be back with you in a moment.
You should have replied with the booking information.  Please book this now or get me a manager.|Booking was successful! The reference number is: Z8267UZK. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I'd like to find a guesthouse with free parking.|We have many fine options, but I recommend the Acorn Guest House in the north. Moderately priced, but 4 stars!
That'll work. Please book it for 6 people for 5 nights. We'll check in on Thursday|The booking for The Acorn Guest House was successful. Your reference number is 0TLAGN37. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. I have everything I need at this time.|Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
I need to get out of Cambridge quick! Can you find me a train for tomorrow, Tuesday?|I can help you. What is your destination?
I would like to arrive to Cambridge from Broxbourne and would like to leave after 15:45.|A train is leaving Broxbourne at 16:32, arriving Cambridge at 17:32. Shall I book a seat for you?
Yes. I actually need 3 seats|The booking was successful.  Your reference number is Y25Y52KM.
Can you find me a place to stay in the centre. I don't need internet.|I'm sorry, I'm not finding any matches, would you like to try something else?
No thank you I will call back|Ok. Is there anything else you need? Information about attractions or a restaurant reservation perhaps?
Well, I do need a place to stay. How about one with free wifi in the centre of town?|Do you mind if it's a guest house? The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is an inexpensive 4 star guesthouse offering both free wifi and free parking.
No, I really would like a hotel in the centre with free parking and it can have wifi.|All of the 4 star hotels in the area are expensive. Would you like me to drop the star rating for you, or are you okay with it being expensive?
If there are no hotels with free parking in the centre, how about one with free wifi?|The university arms hotel sounds perfect: hotel in the centre of town, expensive, 4 stars, with internet and parking. Can I book a reservation for you?
I guess that will work book for 2 please|OK. What day will you want to check in, and for how many nights?
I would like to check in on Tuesday please. And I want to stay for one night.|OK, you're all set. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thanks. That would be all. I appreciate your help. Take care. Bye.|Did you need a reference number or anything like that?
No thanks. I forgot I should wait to book until I am sure how many people we will have. Thanks though. Good night!|Okay, have a great day!
I need a train that is leaving on wednesday.|Do you have a destination in mind?
Yes, I need to get to Cambridge by 17:15.  From the Kings Lane station.|Do you mean Kings Lynn station for your departure site?
Yes. I need to book tickets for 8 people.|Okay I successfully booked it. Reference number is : MGYR3882.
Thanks.  I am also looking for some Korean food in the north part of town.|What is your price preference?
I don't have a preference.  Pick one that you like?|unfortunately, there aren't any korean restaurants in that area.
Then can I do a search for one that serves Italian food instead?|how about da vinci pizzria?
That works, can I get an address?|Yes, it's located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton. Do you need to book a table?
No thank you.  That was all I needed to know.  Thanks and goodbye.|Goodbye to you as well and have a nice stay!
I am currently in Cambridge and I am looking for train departure times.|I have over 1,400 trains available. Where is your destination and what day would you like to depart?
I would like to go to Leicester this Friday.|There are currently 202 departures.  May I have a destination and what time you would like to arrive?
I am departing Cambridge on Friday going to leicester and want to arrive by 13:30.|TR8080 departs Cambridge at 11:21 and arrives in Leicester at 13:06 for 37.80 pounds.  Will this work for you?
Yes. I also need a place to stay on the south side of the town. I would prefer something in the expensive price range.|I have the Lensfield hotel that is in the southern part of town and in the expensive price range. Would you like a booking?
yes please. two adults and one child.|What day would you like your stay at The Lensfield Hotel to start and for how many days?
I need more information before booking. How many stars does The Lensfield hotel have? Does it include free wifi?|The Lensfield has a 3 star rating and does include free wifi. Is there anything else you need to know?
Thank you. Out of curiosity, is that a guesthouse or hotel?|It is a hotel.
Fantastic. Please provide me with the address and phone number.|The address for the Lensfield Hotel is 53-57 Lensfield Road. Their phone number is 01223355017. Can I assist you with booking a room at the Lensfield?
No, thank you. I can take care of that on my own. I think that's all I need for today!|Wonderful. Please feel free to contact us again in the future. Have a great day.
I want a train leaving from norwich.|There are several trains leaving Norwich, what day are you leaving and where are you going? I also need the time you want to leave or arrive.
I would like to leave after 14:30 and go to Cambridge, please.|Which day are you planning to travel?
I'm planning to leave on Thursday.|I have a 5:16 departure to Cambridge that arrives at 16:36. Would that do?
As long as you mean a 15:16 departure, I'll take 8 tickets, please.|Yes the departure time is 15:16. I booked you for 8 on Train ID TR8040.  The Reference number is : 1HY8AJ7Y.
I'm also looking for a hotel to stay in. Preferably a 3 star one.|What area of town would you like? Do you have a price range in mind?
I don't have a preference for either, but I'd like it to be in the type of hotel. I'll also need free parking.|I have Gonville Hotel in centre area or The Lensfield hotel in the south area.  What is your preference?
The Gonville would be great, could you get me the phone number, price range, and postcode?|They are in the expensive range, located on gonville place, postal code cb11ly, they are reachable at 01223366611, may I assist with anything else?
No thank you for everything.|You are welcome. Have a good evening.
I need to find a college in town.|Do you have a preference as to which part of town the college is located?
I'd prefer somewhere in the west.|Churchill college is in the west part of town.
Can you tell me their address and postcode, please? And do they charge any entrance fee?|The address is storey's way postcode cb30ds.  Their phone number is 01223336233.  Entrance to the college is free.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for train schedules.  Can you help me with that?|I sure can. What day are you traveling and what is your departure city and destination?
I'm leaving sunday from cambridge going towards london kings cross.|I have 70 trains leaving cambridge and going to london kings cross.  What day would you like to travel?
I am traveling on Sunday.|Ok, great!  I have train TR7423 departing cambridge at 05:00 and arriving at london kings cross 05:51 on Sunday.  Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes, please. Can I get six tickets and a reference number once it's booked?|Your booking was successful.  The reference number is 2VRW842P.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No,thank you very much.|Have a wonderful day.
I need some help finding a place in Centre to eat, can you look it up for me?|There are a variety of restaurants to chose from.  Would you like Indian, Chinese, British, International fare or a Gastropub?
We would like to try a Portuguese place. Is there one available?|Oh you're in luck. I have one in the center called Nandos City Center. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes. Please reserve for 2 people on Tuesday at 15:15.|That booking was successful and your reference number is JM0RL39I.
Thank you.  I would also like a train leaving on Saturday going to Kings Lynn.|Okay, where are you departing from?
I am departing from Cambridge.|Well, I have great news. There are several trains leaving from Cambridge on Saturday. Would you like to book tickets for you and how many?
Yes please book 2 tickets.|Let's try and narrow this down some. What time do you want to depart or what time do you want to arrive by?
I would like to leave after 20:45|For how many people?
There will be 2 people.|Would train TR6633 arrving at 21:58 work?
Yes. I'd like to book that for two. Could I get the reference number please?|It has been booked. Your reference number is 1J07UJKY.
Thank for the help, goodbye!|Have a safe trip.
I need to find a train that goes to London Kings Cross from Cambridge please.|What day would you like to travel and when would you want to leave?
I need to leave on Thursday after 17:30.|The earliest departure I have for Thursday from cambridge to london kings cross leaves at 19:00.  Will this suit you?
Yes, that will work. Can you book me for five people please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 118 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is Z5QW0890. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I would like help in locating a place to go in town. A college in the east part of town.|There are no colleges in the east area of town. Would you like to check a different area or different type of attraction?
Yes, are there any museums in the east area?|4 museums located in the east area. Cambridge Artworks, Cambridge Museum of Technology, Gallery at Twelve a High Street, and Saint Barnabas Press Gallery. Do any interest you?
Yes could I have the address, telephone number and postcode of the Cambridge Museum of Technology?|They are located at the old pumping station, cheddars lane cb58ld phone number 01223368650
Thank you, that's all I need today.|Have a great day.
I am looking for a train departing ely and should arrive by 16:45.|I can help with that! There are a total of 42 trains departing from Ely. What is your destination so I can narrow this down for you?
I would like to go to cambridge on thursday|What time you like to leave?
It doesn't matter what time I leave as long as I'm there by 16:45.|There are 6 trains leaving that will get you there by 16:45, the closest TR3240 arriving at 15:52. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes,  please make me a reservation for two people on TR3240 arriving at 15:52.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 8.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : T4I7L6BG. Can I help with anything else today?
I'm also looking for a expensive restaurant in the north.|Sure, do you have a food preference?  I see Chinese, French, European and Asian Oriental.
Choose your favorite. I do need an address and post code, please.|How about The Hotpot? It is located at 66 Chesterton Road Chesterton and the postal code is cb41ep.
The Hotpot sounds great! Can you please make a reservation for Friday for 2 people at 8 pm?|Sure! Your reservation at the hotpot for Friday for 2 people at 8 pm is successful. Would you like a reference number?
Yes please, thank you for your help.  The reference number will come in handy.|I'm sorry at the moment I can not obtain that for you.
Alright, thank you, I think that will be all for today.|You're welcome, have a nice day.
Again, thanks for all of your help today.  Good bye.|You're welcome. Let me know if there is anything else I can help you with.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|That sounds great. Did you need a hotel, train or restaurant while in the area?
No, I'm looking info on saint barnabas press gallery.|Saint barnabas press gallery is a very nice museum in the east. What information can I provide?
May I have their phone number?|Of course! Their phone number is 01223902116. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need information on a train from bishops stortford to Cambridge on Thursday.|Ok, I am getting the information up now, do you have a time in mind?
I'd like to get there by 14:30.|You have five options for a train that will get you to Cambridge by 14:30.  Do you have a preference on what time to leave?
No, any available train would be fine. I will need four tickets, please.|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I would like to find out information about a hotel called Warkworth House.|Warkworth house is a guesthouse in the east area.  It is moderate pricing with 4 stars.  It offers free parking and internet. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please. It'll be for 4 nights.|I will go ahead and book your room.
Thank you.  Can I get a reference number for the booking?|In order to book, can you tell me the number of guests, number of nights and the day of the week you want to start your stay?
I need to book it to 2 people for 4 nights starting from wednesday.|Okay the booking was successful. The reference number is HZ6B38TH.
I'm also looking for a train. I'll be traveling back to Broxbourne on Friday.|Will you be leaving from Cambridge.
yes i will  be leaving from Cambridge.|What time would you like to leave around?
Are there any hotels in the centre that have free parking, please?|There are two hotels available: the Gonville Hotel and University Arms Hotel. Would you like more information on them?
Does either one have a star of 4?|University Arms Hotel is rated 4 stars. Would you like reservation?
Do they have internet and if so what is the address there?|They do have free wifi. They are located on regent street.
Thanks. I'm also looking for a train from cambridge to london liverpool street?|I have 70 trains.  What day and time are you wanting to travel?
Um, Sunday but after 11:15|okay how many tickets please?
3 people, please. And if I can also get the reference number.|I have booked 3 tickets on the TR9025 train leaving at 11:59. Your Reference number is : 9JASQYBJ. Will that be all today?
Yes, thank you for your help!|You're welcome. Thank you. Goodbye
Hello, I am looking for places to go in the north.|Certainly! We have 2 swimming pools, a park, and a boat in the North. What are you most interested in?
The boat sounds like it will be fun. Do you have the phone number handy?|Yes, it's the Riverboat Georgina and the number is 01223902091.
Great can I also get a train on sunday that'll go to cambridge|Did you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
I would like to depart from Ely after 11:00 please|TR6517 leaves at 11:35 and arrives by 11:52.
Perfect. I need 3 tickets. please provide the reference number|Your reference number is: JIR61XGY.  The total fee is 10.56 GBP and you will need to pay at the station.  Can I help you with anything else today?
That's all I needed today thank you.|You're welcome, have a good day.
I need a train leaving Cambridge on Sunday.|We have quite a few options available to you, where are you heading to?
I need to arrive by 21:30 and go to London Liverpool street.|TR9732 departs Cambridge at 19:59 and arrives London Liverpool Street by 21:27. Would you like for me to book that?
Yes, for six people, please. I will need a reference number, as well.|I have completed the booking. The total fee is 79.67 GBP and your reference number is 58YNZ8EQ.
I also need a place to stay.  I would like a hotel with a 3 star rating and free parking.|There are 2 expensive hotels and 3 moderate price guesthouses meeting your needs. Does the area matter to you? Or the type of lodging?
I'm just looking for now. Can you recommend a hotel?|Okay the gonville hotel looks good, it's in the city centre. Would you like a booking?
I want to confirm with you that the gonville does not need to include internet.|The Gonville does include the internet.  Is that alright?
Yes, and thank you kind person for helping me!|Shall I book you a room then?
Yes, can I get the address please?|The address is gonville place. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you.  I appreciate the help today.|You are very welcome. Have a wonderful visit!
Goodbye!|Goodbye and have a safe trip!
Can you help me find a train leaving Tuesday from Norwich? Thanks.|I have about 19 different trains. Do you have a certain time you would like to leave after or arrive by?
I want to leave after 20:15.|At 20:16 a train leaves for Cambridge duration of which is 79 minutes.
I would like to making a booking for one please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : UK9225HY. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Can you help with info on places to stay?|Yes, I can help with that.  What are your preferences of area, price range, and type of accommodation?
I would like a really nice place because I'm celebrating my 10 year anniversary.  Something cozy and romantic.|That sounds great, I want to find you the perfect place!   Is pricing a factor, do you have a part of the city in mind?
Price is no concern for me. I need it booked for 1 person for 4 nights starting on Tuesday please.|I need more information please. What area of town?
I don't need a specific area. What do you recommend?|The allenbell in the east is a cheap hotel with 4 stars.
Does it have free wifi?|Allenbell does indeed have wifi. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please. I'm celebrating my anniversary with myself, so I need a room for 1 starting Tuesday for 4 nights.|Booking was a success! Your reference number is: XJGR0GCN.
I would like a train going to cambridge from leicester in the morning.  Can you book a seat for me and let me know the reservation number?|There are trains that leave at 9 minutes past the hour, every hour, all morning. What time would you like to leave?
I need to arrive by 10 am please on a Tuesday.|How about train 4734?  It arrives in cambridge at 09:54.
Sounds good. I need 4 tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 151.19 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : MRTSNQMU.
I'm also looking for a cinema to visit?|There are two- one in the south and one in the centre. Which would you like to visit?
I would like the cinema in the south please. I need the phone number, entrance fee, and postcode.|Cineworld Cinema is located in postcode cb17dy.  The phone number is 00872208000 and you'll have to call them directly for entrance fee information.
Thank you so much for the information.  I will call them.  Have a good day.|Anytime, happy to help.
Yeah you are very welcome.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Have a great day!
Hi! I am looking for a train to Cambridge that leaves after 21:15.|TR1581 leaves at 21:17
Great! Can you please boo that for me?|Of course. I reserved 1 seat. The reference number is 87ZNT2V8.
Actually, I would need 2 tickets for that train.|Okay. No problem. Your new booking and reservation number is  Y004877A.
Fantastic.  Can I also get information about Clare Hall?|Clare Hall is a college on the wet end. Would you like further information?
Yes, what is the entrance fee for Clare Hall?|Clare Hall has no entrance fee and is free! Do you need anything else?
No, that is all I need, thank you. Bye.|Have a good day!
What trains are available going to Stevenage on Wednesday?|There are a total of 10 trains traveling to Stevenage on Wednesday. Is there a particular departure location you are interested in?
Yes, from Cambridge and it should leave after 15:45 if possible.|There are trains every other hour on the :21. Would you like tickets for the 17:21 train?
Okay, for 6 people, please.|Your booking was successful for the TR1165, reference number RLC6RDDL. Can I help you with anything else?
I'd also like a place to dine. I want it to be latin american and cheap.|There are no cheap Latin American restaurants nearby. Would you be interested in a different type of cuisine?
How about a place that serves asian oriental food?|There are two asian oriental restaurants in your price range in the centre, Dojo Noodle Bar and J Restaurant. Which would you prefer?
I think I'll go with Dojo Nooodle Bar. What is the address?|Dojo Noodle Bar is located at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre. Their postcode is cb21rq.
Great, thank you!|Of course! Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is everything I needed. Thank you very much for your help.|Thank you for using our system.
Please help me look for a train that leaves on Friday and arrives at its destination by 1:15 PM.|Where would you be departing from?
I am leaving from Cambridge.|Thank you. And where are you headed to?
cambridge and should go to norwich.for 6 people.I need the the reference number|Great. The TR2557 arrives by 12:55, so I have booked it for 6 people. Your reference number is X56LPMKM. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for a expensive restaurant that serves south african food.|I am sorry I have no listings for that type of food any other types I can look up?
Could you check the city center for me?|I don't have any South African restaurants at any price range anywhere in the city. Would you like to try a different type?
How about indian?|May I suggest Curry Garden. It is in the expensive price range and in the Centre. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please and a confirmation number too|When will you be dining and how many guests?
I don't need a booking quite yet, could you get me the postcode?|Sure thing the postcode is cb21dp. Anything else I can do for you?
that is it for today thank you very much|No problem, thank you for choosing Cambridge Towne Info Centre. Have a great day!
Hi I'd like to book a taxi|Do you mean book a train?
I would like to book a table for 3 at The Lucky Star on Monday at 12:00.|This particular time is not available, do you have an alternative time or restaurant you'd like to try?
Could you try Monday at 11:00?|The booking was successful your reference number is R7NXAOR7
Great! I do need a train, too. I need to leave from Cambridge and arrive at my destination by 9:45.|There are many results leaving from Cambridge, where is your destination?
The train should go to london liverpool street|Alright, what day will you be travelling?
I will be traveling Tuesday.|ok i have one train that will get you there by 9.27 would you like me to go ahead and book that for you?
Yes please book for 3 people, I also need a reference number.|I have 3 tickets booked for you, the reference number is DRKY3X21.
Thank you so much for your help today.  I greatly appreciate it.|Okay, have a great day!
I would like to find a train leaving from Peterborough.|There are many!  What day will you be traveling?
I will be leaving on Friday.|The entries have now been narrowed down to 38. Where will you be departing and at what time do you want to leave?
Two people going to cambridge. We'd like to arrive by 12:45. Please book 2 seats and give the refernce number.|TR6691 leaves peterborough at 11:48 and arrives in cambridge at 12:38. Your total for 2 ticketsis 33GBP, payable at the station, and the confirmation is 5W98EJ2Y. Is there anything else?
Actually, I could use some help finding a theatre to visit in town while I am there.|Okay would you like a specific area?
Yes, I'd like a place in the center of town, please.|There are four theatres in the centre that you could visit.
Which one would you recommend?|the cambridge corn exchange	is one of our most popular theatre. Would you like any more information?
Sure- what is the entrance fee, phone number, and postcode?|The phone number is 01223357851.
And, what is the postcode and entrance fee, please?|I'm sorry, the postcode is cb23qe, but the entrance fee is not listed online.  You would have to call them at 01223357851.
Okay thank you, thats all i need for now.|Please let us know if there is any way we can help you in the future. Have a great day. Goodbye!
I'm are looking for a train. The train should go to cambridge and should leave on saturday.|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Norwich.|What tie would you like to leave Norwich?
I would like to leave after 14:30 .|I have several trains. How would TR1156 work for you, it leaves at 15:16 arriving at 16:35?
Yes. That works. I need 3 tickets, please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 1MI35913.
Great, thank you for your help!|Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye!
Would you like me to look up entertainment for you?|Actually, I think that it's me who should be looking entertainment up for YOU! There are 5 entertainment venues around the city. What part of town would you like to visit?
I'd like a type of entertainment in the south, please.|I have two options for you. Both are in the south part of town. One is Nusha and the other is Tenpin. Do you have a preference?
Give me the address and postcode for Tenpin please.|cambridge leisure park, clifton way is the address. cb17dy is the postcode
Thanks. I also need a train from Bishops Stortford going to Cambridge.|What day do you need it for? When do you want to depart by?
I'd like to leave on Tuesday sometime after 09:00.|TR0635 leaves at 09:29. Would you like for me to book a seat?
Yes, I'll need 8 tickets please.|I have booked your tickets to Cambridge for 8 people on tuesday at 11:29. Reference number: SEDKQ1LD,  fee is 80.8 GBP payable at the station. Anything else?
That'll do it. Thank you very much!|Enjoy your trip!
Have a nice day!|Thank you for contacting us. Have a good day.
I am trying to find a train that leaves on Sunday from London Kings Cross.|There are several trains that match your criteria. please specify your destination and desired departure time.
I am wanting to go to Cambridge and leave anytime after 13:30.|We have the train TR7931 that leaves at 15:17. Does that work?
I want to make a booking for 4 people|You are successfully booked for 4 tickets on Train TR7931. The total fee is 75.52 GBP, payable at the station. Reference number is : E72IOZ6V.
Thanks I'm also looking for a moderately priced lebanese restaurant.|There is one lebanese restaurant, Ali Baba in the centre of town, would you like to book that?
I would like to get the phone number for that please.|Sure! The phone number is 01 462 432565. Would you like me to book a reservation for you today?
Nah, I'll call and do that on my own. I think I'm all set. Thanks for your help!|Not a problem. Enjoy your trip!
Thank you I will appreciate your help|You're too kind. Have a nice day!
You too! Take Care.|Thank you for using our service.
Hello. I'm leaving the city on Wednesday and need to find a train, but it must be after 13:00. Can you help me book a ticket?|There are over 100 different trains available, what destination do you have in mind?
I would like to go to cambridge from london liverpool street.|there is a train at 13:59 that arrives by 1527
That sounds perfect.  Can you book 7 seats for me?|I was able to book the seats, reference number is 6KIWFNOU.
I'm also looking for a moderate priced restaurant in the area of west.|Would you be interested in british, indian, or italian?
It doesn't matter.|There is Prezzo which is an italian restaurant. would you like me to make a reservation?
Sure, for the same group of people on the same day at 20:00.|I have you booked for 7 people on Wednesday at 20:00 at Prezzo.
I also need the reference number.|I apologize. Your reference number is  I0V2JZIC. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, thank you, that should be all.|Welcome. Have a lovely day.
Am looking for a train,it should go to stansted airport and should leave after 13:30|I'd love to help. Where are you departing from?
The train should depart from cambridge and should leave on friday.|How does train TR1090 that leaves at 13:40 sound?
That sounds like an excellent choice! Thank you for the help!|welcome. at your service next time
Can you make a booking for me?|Your train leaving at 13:40 from Cambridge going to Stansted airport has been booked.  Your reference number is 39OY8NLR. The total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station.
I just need to verify that that booking is for 4 people. If not, can you change it?|I have you for for, reference is X06J64WK. What else may I do?
I think we have taken care of everything. Thank you so much for your time!|You're very welcome, have a great day!
Can you help me find a train out of Cambridge that leaves after 10:30?|I sure can!  The TR1502 leaves at 11:00. Would that work?
I am looking to travel Sunday going to Stevenage. Does that train travel on that day?|That train does not travel on Sunday, but TR8464 leaves at 11:21 if that will work for you. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes, that will work for me.  Can you please make a booking for 7 people?|Yes,I will book it for 7,is there anything else I can do for you ?
Well yeah, I would need the reference number if you booked it?|The total fee is 71.68 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : DSIQUE20
Thank you. I'm also looking for a hotel in the south area of town. It needs to be a hotel. Can you recommend any?|I recommend the Lensfield Hotel.  It is 3 stars.  Would you like to make a booking.
Just give me the postcode please and tell me if they offer parking|The hotel does offer parking and the postcode is cb21en.
Great. Thank you for all your help.|You're welcome.  Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a great day!
I am looking for places to go, preferably a college.|christ's college is in the center of town and free to enter.
Can you provide me with the area, phone number and address of Christ's College please?|Christ's College is located in the centre of cambridge in postal code, cb23bu. It is on saint andrew's street. The phone number is 01223334900. Is there anything else?
Yes, I would also like too book a train to Stevenage, I would like for it to arrive by 19:15.|Where would you like to depart from, and what day?
I'm departing from cambridge on friday.|TR0217 departs cambridge at 17:21 on friday and arrives at stevenage at 18:10. Would you like to book tickets on this train?
Yes that sounds like it will work for us, please book me 7 tickets and provide a reference number.|Great! You're booked with reference number 826WFFTU. The total fee is 89.6 GBP payable at the station. May I help with anything else?
That is all I need right now. Thank you for all of your help!|Great!  Well, thanks for calling! You have a good day!
I'm looking for a cheap indian restaurant.|Do you have a location preference?
The Centre would be convenient.|The gandhi is a good option.
That sounds like it would be nice.  I'd like to book a table for 5 people at 14:45 on Saturday, please.|You reservation is all set! In case you need it, your reference number is R1YHRK12.
I am also looking for a train that should depart from kings lynn and should arrive by 10:15.|I'm sure we can find something that will work for you. What day will you be traveling on?
Saturday departiung from kings lynn and arrive cambridge same day as restaurant booking|What day was the restaurant booking again?
The restaurant booking was for Saturday, which is the same day that I would like the train booking to be made for.|I have train TR3297 that leaves at 09:11 and will get you into Cambridge at 09:58. Would that work for you? If not, I have earlier trains.
That sounds great! Can you book tickets for everyone on that train? Same group that will be eating together.|I was able to get the tickets the cost is 39.20 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is 9S4OXYQ4. Is there anything else I can help with?
That's all I need today. Thank you.|Happy to help. Have a good night.
I am planning to visit cambridge and would like a train leaving on thursday.|No problem. Which station will you be departing from?
Stansted airport. Also, if I could arrive by 11:00 that would be great.|Train TR0031 departs Stansted Airport for Cambridge at 09:24 and arrives at 09:52.  Would this be ok?
Sounds great!  Can I get tickets for 3 people?|I've booked you 3 tickets. Your total is 30.29 pounds and the reference number is 51M2VN7D.
Great. I am also looking for colleges to visit in the west.|There are 5 colleges there. Churchill college, Clare College, Clare Hall, Magdalene College and Queens' College
Can I get more information on the first one?|Churchill College is on Storey's Way, their postcode is cb30ds and phone number is 01223336233. It's free to get in. Is there anything else you'd like to know?
No, that is all that I needed.  Thank you so much for your help!  Goodbye.|You're so welcome! Have a great day!
I am looking for a place to stay and it doesn't need free parking , but I would like it to be cheap.|There are lots of accommodations in the cheaper price range, but they do all offer free parking. Also, is there a certain part of town you'd like to be in?
Yes, the east part of town.|How about autumn house?
As long as it has free parking, we are good to go!|Great, would you like for me to set up a booking?
Yes and can I get a postcode?|The postal code is cb58rs. What day would you like to book the room for and the legnth of stay?
I am not sure on the day yet, However am looking for a train to goes to Broxbourne.|Sure, there are many leaving from Cambridge.  What day and time are you looking for?
I would like to leave on wednesday and arrive by 20:00.|TR1148 leaves Cambridge at 18:01 and arrives in broxbourne 19:01. It is the last train on Wednesday. Do you want me to book it?
Yes, for six people, please. And I'd like the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 107.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 8YRZZYEZ.
Thank you, that is everything that I need.|Thank you for contacting us, have a nice day.
Are there any museums you can recommend?|Well, there are 23 museums to choose from. If you give me a specific area I can narrow down the choices.
No how about you pick on and give me the entrance fee if any and the phone number please|The museum of classical archaeology has free admission and its phone number is 01223335153. Do you need anything else?
Great I'm also looking to travel to london kings cross on monday by train|Did you have any preference for departure or arrival times?
As early as possible in the morning.|The TR7075 meets your criteria. It leaves at 5:00. Would you like to make a booking?
Does that train depart from Cambridge?|Yes, it departs from Cambridge
Why did I ask this?  Of course it would be cambridge  Sorry, my mistake.  Please book me for 1 person and I need a reference number.|Your total is 23.6 GBP, which you will pay at the station. Your Reference number is : PQ7PVOTI.
Wonderful, thanks for your help today.|You are very welcome! Safe travels!
I am looking for a train departing from Cambridge that would arrive by 19:45.|There are 1,029 trains that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow it down by destination, day, and/or the time it leaves?
Yes, I need a train that goes to Ely and leaves on Sunday.|Train TR5389 leaves Cambridge at 17:50 and arrives in sly at 18:07. Can I book this for you?
That works, can you book 2 seats for me please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 7.04 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 9YZO84HU. Can I help you with anything else?
I am also looking for a very expensive restaurant located in the Centre. Do you have any suggestions?|There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre. Is there a particular kind of cuisine you're looking for?
Yes, I'd prefer British food.|There are 3 results for expensive british food in the centre area. The first is fitzbillies restaurant, would you like more information on it?
That one sounds good, could you reserve me a table for 2 at 14:15?|Just to make sure I have this correct. Which day would you like the reservation booked for?
The same day as the train, on sunday. Can I also get the reference number please?|Unfortunately that is booked already. Would you like to book a different time?
Can you try booking for 2 on Sunday at 13:15 instead?|Certainly! I was able to book you for 2 people at Fitzbillies Restaurant at 13:15 on Sunday. Your Reference number is YHP8JIIA.
Thanks so much - that's all I need today. You've been a great help!|Thank you as well. Have a wonderful day.
I need to find a train that leaves after 13:00 on Saturday|Sure, which stations will you be using?
I'll be departing from cambridge and going to broxbourne|TR4334 will leave at 13:01 and arrive by 14:01. Do you want to book this train?
What time is the next one after that?  That is cutting it close and I don't want to miss it.|The next train leaves at 14:01 and arrives by 15:01.  Will that work better for you?
book for me that for one person|I will book it for you now.
Can you get me the reference number too?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 14.32 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : TB72NAOO. Can I help with anything else?
I am also looking for a mid ranged priced Indian place to dine.|There are four restaurants that serve Indian food in a moderate price range, in which area of town would you prefer to eat?
I want to eat in the east please|Sure, I recommend Curry Prince located in the east. Would you like a reservation?
Please do. I'll need a table for 1 person on saturday at 10:45. And give me the reference number too.|It's booked, your reference number is 96K0BBZZ.
Thank you for your time.|Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all today, thank you.|I hope you have a wonderful time.
I am in desperate need of a getaway. Can you help me find a cheap place to stay?|Do you have a price preference, or a particular area you would like to stay in?
I like staying on the north side of town and I do need free wifi.|I have two guesthouse style locations that are both in the price range and located in the north.  Worth house has a 4-star rating.
Does it have free wifi?|Yes it does
The Worth house sounds fine. I would need the postcode.|The postcode is cb41da. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please. I'm also looking for a train that leaves on friday that departs from leicester and goes to Cambridge.|I have 19 trains that meet that criteria.  Do you have a time you would like to arrive?
I'd like to leave after 11:45, please.|Okay, I think TR4170 would be most suitable for you, leaving Leicester on Friday at 09:09 and arriving in Cambridge by 10:54. Shall I book you a ticket?
Yes please.  I need 8 tickets.  And I'm sorry, I didn't need you to book the hotel, hope it's not too late.|Your booking was successful. Your confirmation number is OLYQOSDV. The total is 302.39GBP and is payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
No, I believe that is everything. Thank you.|Thank you and have a great day.
Thanks one more time. Lets end this conversation PLEASE|Have a great day and enjoy your trip
Hi, can you point me to an expensive restaurant that serves Italian food?  I will be in the area soon.|I have 4 in the centre of town and one in the south, any preference?
Yes, I would like to book a reservation in the south for 2 people on friday afternoon.|Could you give me a more specific time for the "afternoon"?  Reservations can be placed starting on the hour and every 15 minutes after.
Yes. I actually need a restaurant in the centre for three people on Wednesday at 18:15.|I cannot get a table reserved for you at that time. Perhaps another day or time slot maybe?
Can you try 17:15?|I was able to book stazione restaurant and coffee bar the reference number is 95K25VSO
Thank you. Can you book me a train arriving the same day as I am going to the restaurant?|I would be happy to help if I have some more information. What are the departure and destination locations?
I'm coming to Cambridge from London Liverpool Street.|When would you like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to arrive by 10:00 and I would like to book it for the same quantity of people as in the restaurant. I also would like the reference number.|Ok, I have booked 2 tickets on TR5936 leaving Liverpool St at 07:39 and arriving in Cambridge at 09:07. Reference number 68JD5L35. It will be 33.20GBP at the station.
Thank you! Goobye.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I am looking for a train to cambridge leaving on Sunday.|May I please have where you are departing from?
I am departing from Leicester and need to leave after 8:45.|Two trains leave after 8:45, TR1079 leaves at 9:09 and arrives at 10:54, and TR1744 leaves at 10:09 and arrives at 11:54, there are also 3 other trains that leave later.
Great I'll take TR1079 for two people please give me the reference number.|Great, your reservation is booked, your reference number is N7MG5RD7 and the total cost is 60.48 GBP
Great. I'm also looking to book that for two people. Also, I'm interested in places around town. Any parks in the south area?|There are 2 parks in the south area. Both are free.
Can I get the phone numbers for both please?|Absolutely you can! Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park Fen Causeway can be reached at 01223302580 and you can dial 01223243830 to get in touch with Wandlebury Country Park.
Can I please get the entrance fee for the Lammas Land Park?|The entrance fee is free.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all. You've been very helpful! Thank you.|You are most welcome please let us know if we can help you in the future.
Hello, I'm looking for a place to eat - moderately priced in the centre area.|There are many, can you tell me what type of food you are looking for?
I would love to try modern european. Do you have that type?|I have two available. Both are moderately priced. I have the De Luca Cucina and Bar. The other is the Riverside Brasserie. Do you prefer one of these?
Perhaps the Riverside Brasserie. I would like to book a table for 8 at 11:00 on Monday, please get me the reference number. Thank you.|your book was successful. Your reference is YFNH30LM. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I need at train arriving by 08:45 to Cambridge.|Ok perfect, what day do you want to depart?
I will be leaving Monday.|Okay, great, and your location of departure?
I am departing from leicester|Train TR8829 departs from Leicester at 6:09 and arrives in Cambridge at 7:54. Would that work for you?
That sounds fine. Can you please reserve seats for a party of eight on that train?|Okay, your booking is successful and your reference number is N78T0X5J. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all. Thanks for your help.|Thank you and enjoy your visit. Have a great day.
What can you tell me about an attraction called the Fez Club?|It's a night club in the centre, at the address 8 market passage. It costs 5 pounds to get in. Would you like the phone number or postcode?
Yes, I need the phone number please.|The number is 01223519224. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train from Cambridge to Stansted Airport.|What day are you hoping to travel?
From Cambridge? Stansteadthrough the country though. but need to leave on Saturday and arrive n\by 14:30|TR6193 will have you there at 14:08. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
I'm sorry, but I actually need to leave after 16:30.|What time do you need to arrive by?
I need to arrive by 17:45.|I found one train TR2001 which departs Cambridge at 16:40 and arrives at Stansted Airport at 17:08. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please book me for that.  I will need one ticket.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 8.08 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : TRHSQ5WO.
That will be all. Thank you.|Have a great day, glad to help you.
I am  looking for information in Cambridge.|Can you be more specific please?
Oops, sorry. I should have given you more info. I am wanting to find a train to get me to Bishops Stortford.|Could you tell me what day and time you are wanting to leave?
Me and 6 of my friends want to leave sometime after 8:30.|Please tell me what place you want to depart from?
I'll be leaving cambridge on Tuesday and need a booking.|Ok, the first train after 8:30 is TR1562 and it leaves at 09:29, shall I book you?
Yes, for 7. Please give me the reference number.|Alright, you're all booked up. It will cost 70.7 GBP at the station, and your reference number is UXGLG4VF. Can I help you with anything else?
Can I get an expensive place to stay?  A hotel more specifcally, 2 stars please.|There is only one in that price range. It is express by holiday inn cambridge.
Can you book a room for me?|Of course! What day, how many people, and how many nights?
I'm looking just for the phone number, address, and area of the hotel.|Would you like express by holiday inn?
Yes, that one would be perfect. I need the address, phone number and area please.|It is located in the east area at 15-17 Norman Way, Coldhams Business Park. The phone number is 01223866800.
that is all i wanted to know for today thank you|You're welcome, have a great day!
Find me a cheap vietnamese food place please.|We have thanh binh.  Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please book a table for 8 on Thursday at 15:00.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : LAKQV5EK.
I also need a Friday train.|OK, from where to where do you need a train?
I am departing from Cambridge and going to Birmingham New Street.|There are 19 trains. Do you have a preferred time to leave or arrive by?
I want to arrive at Birmingham new street by 21:15, please.|There are 15 possible options. Do you want me to reserve some tickets for you?
Yes please pick the last option and book 8 tickets for me. I will definitely need the reference number too.|Your booking was successful. The reference number is Z277D99H.
Great. Thank you for all your help.|You are welcome, let us know if we can help with anything else.
I want to book a place to stay that is a 5 star hotel with free wifi.|I'm sorry there are no 5 star hotels in the area. Are there any hotels I can help you find?
Truly? I'm sorry, I'm just surprised Cambridge doesn't have a 5 star hotel. Well, I need something moderately priced.|I think you would enjoy the Lovell Lodge which is in the North and is moderately priced.
That sounds good I would like to book a room|great, how many nights are you staying?
I will be staying 2 nights.|OK, and what day will you arrive, and how many people will be staying?
I will be arriving on Friday and I need it for 8 people please.|I was able to book it, reference is U02SQUS1.
Great. I also need a train from cambridge leaving after 11:15.|Okay I can certainly help you with that. Could you tell me where your arrival destination will be? And your day of travel?
Going to Broxbourne on Saturday|Okay, TR9098 departs Cambridge at 12:01 and arrives at Broxbourne by 13:01 on Saturday. Will that work for you?
That sounds good.  Yes, please book that. I'll also need a reference number.|How many tickets would you like?
I would like 8 tickets for the train please.  I also have a quick question about the hotel that was booked. Is it a 4 star hotel?|It is only 2 stars.
Ok I need another hotel then it must be 4 stars.|There are no 4 stars in that area.
Okay, that will be fine.|Anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. That will be all.|Your welcome, enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for a luxurious dining experience in the centre of Cambridge.|Do you have any cuisine preferences?
I would really like asian oriental food tonight.|Sure. Would you like to reserve a table at Ugly Duckling, Tang Chinese, HK Fusion, or Sesame Restaurant and Bar?
any of them. book a table for 2 people at 18:45 on wednesday|Will you be needing a reference number?
Yes, I will need the reference number please.|Yes I have it  for you, its 0123357187
Hi. Can you help me find a train that is departing from leicester?|What is your destination? What day will you be traveling?
I'm leaving Monday from Cambridge and going to Leicester.|What time were you wanting to leave around?
11:15 for 4 people,can you book it for me ?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 151.19 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : DKHCMYX0.
Thank you. Can yo also find a restaurant that serves  traditional food and  in the expensive price range?|Unfortunately, we don't have any restaurants in the city that offer traditional food. Is there another type of cuisine I can search for?
Ok, well how about Chinese in the expensive range?|Yes, there are a number of options.  Did you have a particular area of town in mind?
Yes the north please.|Okay, I recommend Hakka on Milton Road Chesterton.
Ok great. Can I get the address and phone number?|Milton Road Chesterton is the address. 01223568988 is the phone number. Can i help you with anything else today?
no. i'm going to head out now. it was great that you could help. goodbye.|Have a lovely day, goodbye!
Hi! Would you please help me find a hotel to stay at?|Certainly, what can I use to narrow down your search?
It needs to be 2 star, have free parking and free wifi.|We have 3 results. What area are you interested in staying in? And what price range?
I do not have a preference. Please pick one and get me a booking for 8 people for 3 nights staring from Friday.|I was able to book you at the Ashley Hotel. Your booking was successful. Reference number is : 79F1XIW2. Is there anything else I can help you with?
i also need a train that should leave after 16:45 destination  bishops stortford|I see a departing train leaving at 17:29.
I need to travel on Monday, departing Cambridge. Does that make a difference?|That train still meets your criteria. Train TR2530 departs Cambridge for Bishops Stortford on Monday at 17:29. Would you like me to book this?
Yes, I need 8 tickets. And could you provide the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 80.8 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 99VHJ3AR. Do you need anything else?
No thanks, that will be everything.|I'm glad I could help.
What have you got on the west side, in the way of places to stay offering free wifi?|I have two guesthouses and two hotels. Any preference?
That doesn't matter to me but I do want to make sure I stay somewhere with free parking.|I would recommend the Cambridge Belfry Hotel.  It is 4 stars and has excellent ratings.  Would you like more information?
Yes, could you tell me the postcode and the price range?|The Cambridge Belfry post code is cb236bw and it is fairly cheap compared to other hotels in the area.
That would be fine. I also need a train that leaves after 21:30 on wednesday.|I'd be happy to help. Where are you traveling to?
I will go to London's Kings Crossing from Cambridge.|I have only found 1 train from Cambridge to London Kings Cross on Wednesday.  It leaves at 23:00.  Will that work?
I could use some help finding a train for my stay with you.|That won't be a problem. Can you please provide me with some addition details? For example, what day and time you'd like to travel?
I would like to travel on Sunday please.|Any more details you would like to provide? The TR7423 leaves Cambridge on Sunday at 5, heads to London Kings Corss and arrives at 5:51.
Oops.  Sorry.  My travel day is Monday not Sunday.  What do you have for that day.|There are many trains running on Monday, what is your arrival destination?
My arrival destination is Cambridge.|Okay when would you like to leave by?
I want to arrive by 15:45|What is your departure site?
Kings Lynn. I need 5 tickets and my reference number|TR2257 will arrive at 14:58. Should I go ahead and book 5 tickets for this train?
Yes that would be great also I need the reference number after you book it.|I'm sorry, my booking system seems to be down. Can you try again later?
Yea that is okay THank you|Train TR2257 has been booked for 5 seats. Your reference number is E720WBAI. Can I assist you with anything else today?
no thanks that's all|Thank you for using our service today!
Hi. Can you help me find an east hotel?|Sure, did you need anything else specifically?
I would like something with 4 or 5 stars.|We have six four star guesthouses on the east side. Does price matter?
No, it does not matter. I am also looking a for place with free parking.|All have free parking! Moderately or cheaply priced?
The price does not matter.|I recommend the Warkworth House at Warkworth Terrace.  Would you like me to book this for you?
Does it also have free wifi? I need wifi too.|Yes it has free wifi. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, for myself and 4 nights starting tuesday|You are all set, the reference number is ZI27S8E2, any further questions?
I need a train ticket from cambridge to ely. I want to arrive at least by 21:15, can I get the reference # too please?|What day would you be traveling?
I will be traveling on tuesday.|Would you like me to book it for you?
yes please. Can I get the reference number?|There are 8 trains that would get you there by 21:15. What time would you like to depart Cambridge?
I do not have a specific time to leave, thank you for asking.|Okay! How many people would you like me to book a train for?
arrive by 21:15 for the same group of people. and I need a reference number|I have booked you on the train leaving Cambridge at 19:50. Your will arrive at 20:07 and your reference number is 7776W8DF.
Thank you so much for your help.|Can I look up anything else for you today?
That is all for now. Thank you for all your help.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I need a train to Broxbourne.|There are many trains available. Will you be traveling on a certain day or at a specific time?
I'll need to travel on Sunday, from Cambridge to Broxbourne, and I'd like to arrive by 10:15 please.|TR4249 leaves at 06:01 and arrives at 07:01 giving you plenty of time. Can I book that for you?
Yes please. I need to book it for 7 people. Can I please get the reference number after it's booked?|I have it booked for you. The total fee is 100.24 GBP and the reference number is JIXSCT7D. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need a cheap place to stay.|Do you have a preference for the area, stars, internet or parking?
I want it to have star of 4, and include free wifi. It doesn't need to have free parking.|Does location matter? The Alexander is a popular choice in the center, but Rosa's is a favorite in the south.
No, the location is flexible. Can you tell me if Rosa's offers free parking or wifi or both?|Yes, Rosa's Bed and Breakfast provides free parking.  Would you like me to book that for your?
Yes I need it for Friday for two nights for 7 people please. I will also need the reference number.|All set- your reference number is 9ZLD8Y9E. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you. That is all. Have a good night. Goodbye|goodbye, and you're welcome
I need to find a train out of King's Lynn that will arrive by 17:45.|Can you please provide me with destination of the train so I can better assist you?
Cambridge, and it will be on sunday.|I have train TR6003 leaving cambridge at 5:11 and arriving at 5:58 on sunday.
That sounds great. Can you book me 4 tickets on that train please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 31.36 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 8K88DU7K.
Awesome! I also need help finding a place to stay in the South. Not driving so don't need parking.|I have 4 options available.  Do you have a preference of guesthouse or hotel and price range?
I would like a hotel and my only preference, besides being in the south, is I would like it to have a 3 star rating please.|The Lensfield Hotel meets your criteria. Would you like me to book it?
Yes please, 4 people for 2 nights starting on Sunday.|Okay, I will get that booked for you. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Could you please provide me with the reference number?|The reference number is GETHUNTL. What else can i do for you?
There is nothing more for me. Thanks for your help, adios!|Okay, adios amigo! Glad I could help!
Hi is there any deals for tourists that will be a great price? so i can book them all at the same time?|I don't have information on deals, but I can book as many tables as you need.  Do you have a cuisine in mind?
Yes, the efes restaurant. I'd like to book for 6 people at 12:00 on sunday. Could I also get the reference number?|Yes great I made your reservation and your reference number is  SGSSGX8P.
Hi I am also looking for a plane, leaving Monday at 6:00.|I'm sorry, I do not have information about plane travel, could I book you a train instead?
Yes, I would like to go to the airport on Monday.|What is your destination?
Going to Stansted Airport, from Cambridge.|TR7460 leaves at 6:40 would that work for you?
That should be fine. Please provide me tickets for the same group of people. I will also need a reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 60.59 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 2L1LA91L
That is everything, thank you for your help.|Do you need me to look up anything else for you?
Nope. That's it. Thank you.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I'm looking for some caribbean food.|I'm sorry, I wish there were some Caribbean places here, but there isn't.
Well, how about a gastropub?|Yes, there are some options.  Was there a particular price range or area of town you were looking for?
No any area is fine with me I just need the area and postcode of a good restaurant.|Kitchen and Bar is a great gastropub located in the centre of town. The passcode is cb12qa. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a train leaving on friday from cambridge can you help me get a ticket?|I'd be happy to help you with that, just let me know your destination.
Sorry I messed up before. I actually did want an expensive restaurant. Is Kitchen and Bar expensive?|yes would you like me to book it for you ?,
No, I just need the area and the post code please.|It is in the centre, and the postcode is cb23qf
Thanks I also need a trin from cambridge to london liverpool street on firday|what time do you need to arrive by?
I would like to arrive by 11:00. Can you choose the train with the closest arrival time to 11:00 and book it for 7 people? Then give me the reference number|the total fee is 116.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : RTTDSKXC Your train leaves at 07:59
Thanks for your time. That is all for now.|You are welcome, enjoy your stay in cambridge.
I'm looking for a train leaving on Saturday from Kings Lynn.|Do you have any time preferences?
I need to leave after 13:00.|What will your destination be?
I am wanting to go to Cambridge.|The TR1499 leaves at 17:11.  Can I book some tickets for you?
Yes book for 4 people|You're reference number is BIAZMBUC. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre city.|I have several restaurants in the centre in the expensive range.  What type of cuisine would your prefer?
No preference. Can you recommend one & book a table for 4 people at 17:45 on saturday. & may I have the reference # please?|I would recommend british cuisine. Would that be okay with you?
That would be fine.  Is it available Saturday at 17:45?|The restaurant Fitzbillies is available, and I've made you a reservation. Your reference number is 4WGDGOSA.
Thank you for your help, have a nice day.|It was my pleasure to serve you. Please contact us again if you need any more assistance. Have a good day.
I would like to find an Italian restaurant open for dinner?|I will need more information on what you are looking for, what area and what time?
I am looking for a train departing from london liverpool street on thursday to go to cambridge.|There are multiple trains available. By what time do you need to depart or arrive?
I need to arrive by 09:30. The booking is for me only and I will need a reference number please.|How about the TR4204? It will arrive by 9:07.
That sounds good. Please book me for one person and give me the reference number.|All done. You have 1 ticket on TR4204, Your reference number is 834POXTX. Can I do anything else for you?
No, that's everything today, thank you.|Have a good trip. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|Excellent! What would you like to know?
I need a train that  will leave monday ggo to Cambridge at 12:00|Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving London Liverpool Street.|The closest thing I have to your departure time is the TR6226 which leaves at 13:39.
Okay. I also need to find a guesthouse to stay in the expensive price range.|I have 9 guesthouses that fall in the inexpensive category. What part of town do you prefer?
I prefer an expensive hotel in the north please|I don't have any in that area, another perhaps?
How about one in the moderate price range then.|There are 9 places available. Do you have a preference in rating?
I prefer a four star hotel, please. And can you tell me whether one has free parking?|How does acorn guesthouse sound?  It is in the north and moderately priced.
That sounds nice, thank you. May have their number and postcode, please?|The phone number is 01223353888. The post code is cb41da. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
No thanks. Do they have free parking?|yes they have free parking
Thank you for your assistance. I will do the booking, myself.|Sounds good. Is there anything else I can help you with?
that is fine for today. thank you|Please call again if we can further assist you. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I need a train to Cambridge.|Ok, when and where are you leaving from?
I'll be leaving from bishops stortford on saturday, and I need to get to cambridge at or a little before 14:00.|I can get you a train arriving at Cambridge at 12:07, how many tickets will you be needing?
Just one, please.|I booked Train ID TR4594. Your price is	8.08 pounds.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes I need the reference number for the booking please.|Yes that is MKL2A4KD. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all. Thank you very much for your help.|You are welcome. Have a nice day.
Hey, is curry king still open?|It certainly is. It's located at 5 Jordans Yard Bridge Street City Centre
yes and thank you for your help|Would you like to make a booking or may I help you with anything else today?
im also looking for a train from cambidge and shound arrive by 11:45|Ok. What day will you be traveling and where are you headed to?
I will be traveling on Sunday to London Kings Cross|There is a train leaving Cambridge at 9:00 and arriving at London Kings Crossing at 9:51 on Sunday. Would you like me to make that reservation?
Yes, please make a reservation for 8 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 169.92 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : JCP77LOL.
Thanks. We never did book a table at  Curry King. I would like to book a table for 8 at 15:30 on Saturday.|I have made those reservations and your reference number is 7I8PLAM0.
that takes care of everything i need. thanks for the help. bye.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I am looking for a free entertainment.|What did you have in mind?
Never mind that for now. I need a hotel in the centre that includes free wifi and in the expensive price range.|How about the gonville hotel?
That's fine. I'll need it booked for Sunday, 3 nights, and 6 people, please?|Sure thing I have your reservation number. It is FVN5JEV0.
hi how are you ? may i help you sir?|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes I need a train from London Kings Cross to Cambridge for Sunday to arrive in Cambridge by 20:45 please.|Okay the TR1681 leaves at 19:17 and arrives at 20:08.
I will need 6 tickets.|Reference number is : 4AUYL0VX. What else can I do for you?
That was all I needed. Thank you so much for all the assistance.|Thanks for using us. Have a nice trip.
I had always wanted to go to Cambridge and say "I'm on a boat"  Can you tell me about attractions which are boat places to visit in Cambridge?|Sure, which part of town will you be in?
Any part of town is fine.|There are 4 boating attractions. Two are in the centre of town, one in the east, and one in the north. Would you like any additional information?
Yes. What are the entrance fees?|I'm sorry I don't have the entrance fees available to me.
Do you have the phone number to any of these attractions?|The phone number for camboats is 01223902112. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. Is there any train that is taking off on Monday? I want to arrive my destination by 20:30.|There are lots of trains. Would you like to specify a departure site or destination?
I need a train from cambridge to ely.|I can put you on the tr5137 it will get you there by 14:07, how many tickets please?
I only need 1 ticket.|Slight typo last time - it's train TR5167.  Everything else is correct, and I have made your booking. Reference number VT0HAARA. Is there anything else?
No. That's all thanks.|It was a pleasure to assist you. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a train leaving after 10:30.|Where are you departing from and what is your destination?
I'll be leaving from Leicester and want to go to Cambridge.|There are 91 trains leaving Leicaster to Cambridge after the specified time. How does Friday 11:09 sound?
All right. I need a booking for six, please, and the reference number.|I was able to book the train for you for 6 people. The reference number is 7QAMUGHQ. Do you need anything else?
I need a hotel in the north that has free parking.|There are 11 different hotels. To help narrow it down, can you tell me if there is a price range you prefer?
No not really, I would prefer a guesthouse type of hotel with free wifi though.|How about the Acorn guest house on 154 Chesteron Road?  It's a moderate price range guesthouse that is rated 4 stars with free parking and wifi.
Perfect. I'd like to book a 5 night stay for the six of us.|Great. Is this hotel stay also starting on Friday?
Yes it is.|Booking was successful, reference number is YN5MH1ZN. Anything else I can help you with?
No thank you that will be all.  Thank you for your help in booking my trip and stay!|No problem! You have a wonderful day!
I need train reservations from Cambridge to stevenage|I have located several trains departing Cambridge and arriving in Stevenage. To help narrow the search, do you have a particular day and time you want to leave?
Yes, I need to leave on Monday and arrive in Stevenage by 16:30 please.|TR2045 will arrive by 16:10 in stevenage, would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, please make a booking for 7 people.|Your booking was successful! The total fee will be 89.6 GBP and it is payable at the station. The reference number is 60H70LQF.
Can you also recommend a park for me to visit?|I can.  I would personally recommend milton country park. It's free to visit and located in the north.
That sounds great, what is the entrance fee?|It is free!  Would you like the address or number?
Holy Moly! No, thanks, that's everything I needed today.|So glad we could help. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre, and have a great day!
I need a place to stay in the south.|I show 4 locations available. What price range are you looking for?
I am looking for something in a moderate price range.|I have found 2 guesthouses in the south in the moderate price range. The aylesbray lodge guest house has a 4 star rating. Would you like to book?
That sounds perfect!  Please book it for me.  Thank you!|I need to know the day and how many people will be staying, please?
How about you try to search for a type of the guest house without certain dates?|There are the two guesthouses that were mentioned previously, if you would like to see if there are other options, you will need to broaden your search requirements.
I would like to know more about the Aylesbray Lodge, do you have the address and can you tell me whether they offer free parking?|They do indeed have parking and their location is 4 mowbray road. I can book this for you if you'd like, I just need to know details about your stay.
That's all the info I need about the guesthouse, but I also need to book a train leaving on Friday.|See where that train will be coming from. I mean where will you be leaving from?
I need to go to cambridge from bishops stortford|There are 5 trains going to Cambridge from Bishops Stortford on Friday. Do you have a preference in time?
I just need to get there by 2:30 PM is all.|TR4076 departs from bishops stortford going to cambridge on Friday. It leaves at 1:29pm and arrives at 2:07pm. Would you like me to book this train for you?
Yes, I need tickets for 4 people, and can you give me a reference number?|We have it booked for 4 tickets. Your reference number is B5DD4PQW. The total fee is 40.40 GBP.
That is all I needed today and I thank you for your help.|You are welcome. Goodbye!
I would like to book a train. I need to go to peterborough on thursday.|What station will you be departing from?
I'll be leaving from Cambridge, thanks.|I have a train leaving Cabridge for Peterborough Thursday at 05:06.
Great! Please make a booking for 3 people.|I've booked 3 tickets for you, and the fee is 49.5 gbp and your reference number is 17OSNISB.
Thanks very much for your help.|Great! Have a nice day!
I am looking for a train from kings lynn.|I have 133 trains that match that criteria, do you have an arrival time in mind?
I would like to travel on Thursday.|OK, and at what time?
I'd like to go after 10:00.|I have train TR6298 leaving Kings Lynn at 10:11 and arrives in Cambridge at 10:58. It costs 9.80 pounds and runs for 47 mins. Can I interest you in that one?
Please book that for 8 people. Please give me the reference number.|Reference number is : Z898A328.  Is there anything else that I can do for you?
Thank you so much for your help. No, that is all.|You're welcome. Have a great day.
Can you help me find a train that leaves on friday departing from bishops stortford?|Absolutely! What time do you need to arrive by?
I need to leave after 09:15, please.|You have a few options available if you're traveling from bishops stortford to cambridge. There is a train leaving at 09:29, Does that work for you?
Great. Let's book it for 6 people. Give me the reference number.|Your train has been booked for 6 people. The train ID is TR2083. Your reference number is WCVY3PV1.
Thanks. I'm also looking for information on moderately priced hotels with free wifi.|You have 17 options that meet that criteria. Would you like a recommendation or do you want to narrow your options down?
The place must have a 3 star rating and include parking.|Do you have a preferred area of town?
No I do not.|I'm sorry.  Nothing is coming up for your specifications.  I need you to narrow down your info.
Well lets try again and book me in what you choose for 2 nights from Friday for 6 people.|How about bridge guest house? They are moderately priced with free wifi and parking and 3 stars.
That sounds great.  Can I book 2 nights for 6 people starting on Friday.|I have you booked, the reference number is VM1KGTU7, can I help with anything else?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you so much.|Thank you for calling. Enjoy your trip! Goodbye!
I am looking for a hotel with free parking in east cambridge.|The only hotel that fits that description is the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge, but there are also several guesthouses if you are interested.
Is the Express by Holiday Inn cheap? And have a star of 4?|It is in the expensive price range with a 2 star rating.
Hm, I would rather stay at a cheap hotel with a 4 star rating.|Autumn House has all your requirements except it not being a Holiday Inn Express. Would you like a booking there?
I just would like their postcode and phone number and can you tell me whether they have free wifi?|Okay! They do have internet. Their postcode is CB58RS, and their phone number is 01223575122.
Sounds great.  Could I also get info on a train for monday?|Please give me your departure and destination. And what time do you want to leave at.
It should depart Cambridge to Peterborough.  I need to be there by 21:30.  I need reservations for 8.  Can I get a reference number please?|TR9003 will have you there by 7:56.  Booking was successful, the total fee is 132 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : AV90SV4C
Thanks for all of your help today. That is all I need.  Bye.|Thank you for calling. Enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
I am looking for a train to Cambridge on Friday that departs after 14:30.|I'm sorry, but can you please restate your requirements for the train?
Yes, I need a train from cambridge to kings lynn on friday. I'll be traveling after 14:30.|TR3057 will be departing cambridge at 15:11 on Friday, arriving kings lynn by 15:58. Would you like to reserve a seat for this train?
Yes please I would like to book it for 6 people please.|That is 6 tickets at 9.80 pounds each for a total of 58.8 GBP. Your reference number is Q1ULPR62. Can I help you with anything else today
Yes, I am also looking for information on a restaurant called Tang Chinese.|Yes that is a expensive chinese place located in the centre. Did you need the address or phone number?
Can you book me a table for 6 on Friday at 11:45?|Your table for six on Friday is reserved, and your confirmation number is FZ5B6DZ5.
Thank you so much for all of your help. That is all I needed for today.|Glad to be of service. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre today!
I need to take a train on Tuesday. I want to visit somewhere I haven't been before.|That sounds like fun! Will you be departing from Cambridge or somewhere else?
I need to depart cambridge and head to the stansted airport and arrive by 12:15|There are several options for you, leaving hourly. The TR7293 leaves at 11:40 and arrives at 12:08. Would you like me to book that for you, or perhaps an earlier one?
That sounds great.  Can you book 4 seats for me?|Sure. I have done so and your confirmation number is VOONS2E2.
I am also interested in places to go in town centre.  Can you offer me some ideas?|There are numerous options available. Were you looking for free attractions? There are some great free museums.
Sure, a museum sounds good, which one would you recommend?|I just love the Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology. They're in the city centre and have no entrance fee.
That sounds perfect. I will check it out, thanks.|You're very welcome!  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all, goodbye.|Goodbye. Enjoy your trip.
Hello, are there any moderate catalan restaurants in town?|I am sorry my database is showing none in the area
How about Italian food, than?|I have found several. Do you have any preference towards price?
I would like something in the moderate price range.|Prezzo in the west offers moderately priced Italian food. Would you like me to book it for you?
That sounds good.  Can you book the table for 7 people on Tuesday at 16:15?  I also need a train departing from Cambridge that leaves after 11:30.|Your reservation with Prezzo was successful and your reference number is ILWV6LDN. They'll hold your table for 15 minutes. What is your destination for the train?
I'll be going to peterborough on wednesday.|The first train to leave after 11:30 on Tuesday is the TR4344, which departs at 11:34 and arrives at 12:24. Would that one do?
Sounds perfect.  I need seven tickets please.|OK, I have your tickets booked, the total fee is 115.5 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is: KYI5FPOG. Can I get you anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you.|Let us know if we can help you further. Good day.
Would you happen to have any expensive Creative restaurants?|I'm sorry, I haven't found anything. Are there other cuisines you're interested in?
I would like Chinese food.|There are several options for Chinese.  What area of town will you be in?
Any part of town is good. I need a booking for two people on Saturday at 16:45.|I've booked you a table at Yu Garden on Saturday at 16:45. Would you like the reference number?
Yes please can you send that.|The reference number is W6V1M6MM. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like a train to stansted airport by 11:00|I can help you find a train to Stansted airport by 11:00. Where will you be departing from and will that be on Saturday?
Sunday, and I will be departing Cambridge.|Great the TR8208 can get you there by 10:08
That's great. Can you book that train for 2 people, please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.16 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : QMYCRLDH.
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!|I am glad I can help. Enjoy your stay
I am looking for a place to visit in the centre of town.|Okay. My computer shows forty-four attractions in the centre of town. Can you give me some more details so we can narrow the search?
No matter can you just recommend one?|Of course, I would recommend the All Saints Church. What would like to know about it?
I need the phone number and postcode.|I'd be happy to provide you that information.  The address is jesus lane and the postcode is cb58bs.  Is ther anything else I can assist you with?
Could I get the phone number as well?|The phone number is 01223452587.
I also need a train leaving from cambridge on monday.|Where will you go to ?
I will be travelling to Leicester.|TR8631 cost 37.80 pounds
I am looking for a train.|Sure thing. Could you tell me where you're departing from, where you're arriving, and when you'd like to travel by train?
I need to leave on Thursday from Cambridge.|What is your destination?
I am heading to the Stansted Airport, just myself, and I need to leave after 17:00. Go ahead and book it and give me the reference number.|I have booked your train. 10.1 GBP is payable at the station and the reference number is VPHSFWC9. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. That is all I need.|Thank you for using our service. Have all of your needs been met?
Yes they have. Thank you!|It has been my pleasure! Don't hesitate to contact us again if you require any additional assistance.
I'd like a train to London Kings Cross to arrive by 21:15.|Sure, which day would you like to travel?
I am travelling on Thursday and going to Cambridge.|Might I suggest train TR6595 leaving Cambridge at 19:00 and arriving at London Kings Cross at 19:51. Would that work for you?
Yes, that does work.  Could you book it for 1 person please?|Okay, I went ahead and reserved your ticket for Train ID TR6595. The cost will be 23.6 GBP payable at the station, and your reference number is GKTT3OTZ.
That's everything I needed. Thank you!|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Can you find a hotel named Worth House for me? Thanks.|Sure, it is a guesthouse in the north. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Can you tell me if they have free internet?|Yes, they have free wifi. Do you need anything else?
I would also like a train that leaves on Tuesday and arrive by 14:30.|There are many trains moving on Tuesday, can I get your preferred point of departure and arrival?
I will be going from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford.|There are multiple trains leaving that match your request. When is the earliest you would want to leave?
I need to arrive by 14:30 I don't have a preference on departing time.|TR2771 leaves at 13:29 and arrives at 14:07. Would this one work for you?
Hello, I'd like some information on a train today.|Sure thing! What is your point of departure and where would you be heading to?
I would like to depart on Saturday from Stevenage and arrive in Cambridge by 15:30.|What time are you looking to leave?
11 pm would be a time I need to leave|Okay, we have one leaving at 13:54 on Saturday, TR6607. Do you need any more information? Shall I book this for you?
Yes, please! I'd like 4 tickets on that train.|Reference number is : JUMNQW3V. Is there anything else?
I'm also looking for the address of a restaurant, taj tandoori.|It's located at 64 Cherry Hinton Road, cb17aa. Would you like a reservation?
What area of town is that in?|it is located in the south.
That would be all for today.|Have a nice day and thank you for calling.
I am looking for a train to peterborough.|OK, and what day and time are you looking for?
I am looking to go from cambridge to peterborough and leave after 14:15|There are 133 trains making that trip, do you have a day you prefer?
I'll be traveling on Tuesday.|Great. You can leave as soon as 14:34 or as late as 23:24. Do you have a preference?
I will take the 14:34. Can you book that for 4 people and provide me with a reference number please?|Yes certainly. I have you booked and your reference number is 8CRQIYB0.
Thank you so much! Goodbye!|Have a great day!
Hello can you help me find a place to stay, such as a hotel? Also it needs to be at a reasonable price with free parking.|Yes, I can help with that! There are guesthouses and one hotel available with the amenities that you require. What area would you like to stay in?
Do any of the options have two stars?|Unfortunately none of the options has two stars, would you like to change the search criteria?
Any star is fine.|I would recommend the autumn house, a 4 star guesthouse in the east. Would you be interested in booking a room?
Is that in the moderate price range?|It is actually in the cheap price range. Would you like something in the moderate price range instead?
Yes please.  I actually do need a 2 star rating too.|Ok, the ashley hotel is in the north with a moderate price range. Two stars. Would you like me to book you rooms?
Sure it'll be for 5 people for 4 nights starting on tuesday.|You are booked, the reference number is H1UWXXBY, are there any further questions?
Thank you. I am also looking for a train leaving on Tuesday. I will be departing Birmingham New Street for Cambridge.|Trains leave birmingham new street every hours starting at 05:40. Is there a particular time you'd like to arrive?
Yes I need to arrive by 19:45.|The first train leaves at 5:40, is that too early?
How long is the train trip? I just need to arrive by 19:45|The train ride is 163 minutes, I can book you on the TR4631 which leaves at 16:40 and arrives at 19:23.
Sure. Please book it for 5 people and provide me the reference number.|I have made those reservations and your reference number is D3EMA14P
That will be all, thanks for your help.|Have a nice day.
I need a train going to london kings cross.|Sure, no problem. The first train leaves at 05:00 the last at 13:00
I would like a train that leaves after 12:15 on Monday.|There are trains leaving every 2 hours starting at 13:00.
Can you book me 8 tickets on the 13:00 train?|Okay, I have booked 8 tickets on TR6110. Leaves from Cambridge at 13:00, arriving in London Kings Cross at 13:51. Your reference number is GOOH50QG. Total fee is 188.8GBP.
Thanks, could you also tell me about the museum of archaelogy and anthropology?|You can find that museum at university of cambridge, downing street, and it's free to enter. Do you need more information?
Yes, I need their phone number as well.|Sure, their number is 01223333516.
What's the entrance fee as well?|The entrance fee is free. Is there anything else I can help you with.
that is all for now.|Thank you for contacting us, have a nice day.
Have a great day as well.  Goodbye.|Thank you. Goodbye.
I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and need info on trains.  I am coming from Birmingham New St.|I can find you quite a few trains for your trip. On what day will you be traveling, and at what time would you like to depart?
I will be leaving on a Tuesday and I would like to arrive by 17:30.|TR4887 leaves at 05:40
Great can you book that for one person?|Done and done! Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is : Q649D1SU.
Thanks!  Can you help me find a college to visit in the centre?|I'd be glad to. We have 13 colleges in the centre. Most are free to visit, such as Christ's College over on Saint Andrew's Street.
I have heard of Christ's College. Is there a more detailed address? I would also like their phone number, please.|I only have an address of St. Andrew's Street, but the phone number is 01223334900 if you would like to call them. Anything else I can help with?
No, you have been very helpful, thank you.  Good bye.|Enjoy your visit to cambridge and gave a good day.
Where can I find a swimming pool in the north of town?|I have two swimming pools listed north of town. The Jesus Green Outdoor Pool and the Kings Hedges Learner Pool. Do you have a preference?
I'd like to try the Kings Hedges Learner Pool.  Is there an entrance fee?  Can I get their phone number please.|I am unsure if there is an entrance fee but their phone number is 01223353248, I'm sure they will be able to tell you of any entrance fee.
Thank you for your help.|You're welcome.  Is there anything else you need help with today?
Yes, I am looking for a train that departs from cambridge on wednesday.  I would like to leave after 17:15 and my destination is stansted airport.|I have train TR8893 that leaves at 17:40 and arrives at the airport by 18:08. Would this work for you?
Yes that sounds perfect. Please secure passage for 8 people on the TR8893.|Okay, the booking was successful. The total fee is 80.8 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is W2NAQGIF. Can I help with anything else?
That is all, thank you for your help|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I would like to find a train going to Norwich.|Sure, I have a lot of options for you. What time do you need to arrive by? And on which day.
Thursday, leave after 21:15. Depart from cambridge.|The TR9937 meets your criteria. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes, for 2 people.|Yes the booking was successful and your reference number is YHNS4EJ1.
i also want a place to go in the north side of town|Do you want an attraction or a restaurant?
An attraction please. Something in the north please.|What kind of attraction interests you? You can choose from boat, swimmingpool and park
Whatever you recommend. I just need the name, number, post code and entrance fee.|Milton Country Park is a beautiful place. Phone number 01223420060, postcode cb46az and it is free. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I only needed that.|Glad I could help you today thanks for using our service.
I want to take a train to Cambridge on Friday, what's available?|I found 202 trains. What is your departure station?
I would like the departure station to be broxbourne.|I have a train leaving that station at 09:32 and arriving at 10:32, if that's acceptable?
No, I need something that gets there by 9:45.|I have train TR3005 that arrives at 09:32,would that be good for you?
Yes, I need the reference number.   I am also looking for a place to eat in the south area, preferable italian.|There are two restaurants that are Italian, Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton, and Franky and Bennys.  The reference number for your train is  0EG8EWWR.
Pick one of those. I need it for the same amount of people at 17:15 on the same day.|I'm sorry, both of those restaurants are fully booked for the time requested. May I check another restaurant for you?
Okay. Can you find another Italian restaurant?|There are many italian restaurants not in the south of town, do you have another area preference?
Not really. Please make a recommendation.|There is a Pizza Express that is in the Centre area. It is in the moderate category. Would you like me to try to book that?
Yes. It will just me at 17:15 on Friday.|I was able to book it, the reference number is PPXQDNOM.
Terrific.  I appreciate your help.  Good bye!|You're welcome! Please let us know if we can assist you in the future. Have a great day!
what is a good tourist spot?|We have a wide variety of restaurant choices! The options range from Asian Oriental, European, and French. I can give you information on any of those choices if you want.
Actually, I was looking for italian food in the moderate price range.|There are 5 such restaurants. What area of town would you like?
It really doesn't matter.|There are 5 restaurants that fit your criteria, 4 of those appear to be pizza places. Does that sound okay with you?
Go ahead and choose the one you recommend and book me a table for 2 on Sunday at 14:15. Thanks.|I'm very sorry that time is not available at any of the 5 restaurants, would you like to try a little earlier or later possibly?
Is 13:15 available?|Booking was successful for the Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton, located at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Your reference number is ZYOHEW6U.
I am looking for a train that departs kings lynn on sunday.|I have several trains available. Is there a particular time you would like to leave or arrive?
I'm looking to get to Cambridge on Sunday by 10:45|There is one that arrives by 9:58 TR1526 if that works for you.
Yes. Could you make a booking for 2 people? I need a reference number as well.|The booking was successful. Your reference number is E9GWV6VS. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great that's all I needed, thanks.|Lovely. Enjoy your trip!
Please find me some information about the mutliple sports in the centre|We only have one multiple sports complex but it is in the east, are you interested in that, or do you want another search in the centre?
No, I need to stay in the centre. Are there any parks there?|Okay! You can try Cambridge University Botanic Gardens on Bateman Street. It is in the Centre part of town, and the admission fee is 4 Pounds.
Great! What is their phone number?|The phone number is 01223336265.
I also need a train departing from cambridge to arrive by 21:15|Ok. I can help with train info. Whata is your destination?
The destination is peterborough.|how about TR9859? it leaves at 05:06
Sounds good, please book me for four people and can I get a reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 66 GBP payable at the station, your reference number is 2WXSC5I1. Will that be all?
That is all I need.|Thank you for calling. Have a great day. Goodbye!
Hey trying to locate a train that would leave on Wednesday and arrive in Cambridge.|There are many options. Where would you like to depart from?
I want to depart from Bishops Stortford.|There are ten different trains to choose from. Do you have a specific time in mind?
I need to arrive by 15:15 and will need to book for 5 people.|Unfortunately no train matches you request. Would you like a different day and time?
What other days are there?|Sorry, I don't see any days for your search.
Maybe I confused you.  Sorry.  I need to leave Bishops Stortford on Wednesday, and arrive in Cambridge by 15:15.|the TR4226 arrives at 14:07, would you like me to book 5 tickets for you?
Yes, please. May I get the reference number?|Your train has been booked. The total fee is 50.5 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is OWNJ1GL8.  Can I be of further assistance?
Please find a concerthall in the west for me.|The only concerthall in Cambridge is The Man on the Moon, located in the centre. Would you like more information?
Yes, just the entrance fee, postcode and phone number.|Their phone number is 01223474144 and postcode is cb12lf.  Unfortunately there is no info on the entrance fee.
That's ok. I'll call for it. Thanks again. Bye for now.|Thanks and have a great day. Goodbye.
I was hoping to dine at a korean restaurant while in Cambridge.|We have a Korean restaurant at 108 Regent St. City center, would you like me to make a reservation?
What is the price range of that restaurant?|The price range of Little Seoul, the Korean restaurant, is expensive.
Is that in the centre area? If so I'd like a reservation for 7 on Friday please.|Yes Little Seoul is in the centre area, what time would you like for your reservation?
Yes can you please and send me the reference number.|Sure. What time would you like your reservation?
Can you reserve a table for Friday for 7 people at 15:45?|I sure can.  I have your table booked.
what is the reference number?|Your reference number is A5LITXVZ and they will hold the table for you for 15 minutes. Will you be needing other assistance?
I'm also looking for a train. The train should leave after 13:30 and should leave on Monday.|Where are you departing from and headed to?
I am departing from Cambridge and need to get to Norwich.|The closest train to your departure time is at 13:36 for train number TR3325. Do you want that booking?
When i I get to Cambridge I need to know where to find a restaurant called frankie and bennys.|Frankie and Bennys is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Their postcode is cb17dy and their phone number is 01223412430.
Ok I need to book a reservation for 3 people at 18:00 on Tuesday, I will need a reference number as well.|Okay you're all ready to go for Tuesday at 18:00. Your reference number is V6R6J5J2. Can I help you with anything else?
I need to book a train that leaves from Leicester on Tuesday also.|I have 6 trains leaving after your reservation starting on the :09 of the hour from 19:09 to 23:09. Would you like me to book one of these?
I need a train bound to Cambrige that arrives by 13:45.|The latest train we have leaving from Cambridge to Leicester leaves at 11:09 on Tuesday and arrives in Cambridge by 12:54. Departure times begin at 5:09 and occur every hour.
The 11:09 train would be fine. I need 3 tickets and a reference number, please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 113.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : E1IVJM0G.
Great thank you for your help you have been great to deal with.|Thank you so much. greatly appreciated.'
Thank you for your help.|Have a great day.
I'm travelling to cambridge and I need a train leaving after 16:15.|Can you please give me your departure location?
I am leaving from Peterborough.|What day would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on Tuesday.|The TR0017 train leaves Peterborough at 16:48. Would you like me to book you a seat on it?
Is there one a little earlier? I'd actually like to leave closer to 13:15.|Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
No just to leave after 13:15.|then train ID TR4679 suits you. it leaves at 13:19
I'd like to book for 3 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 49.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : Y3MAVYRQ.
Thank you so much, now can you please recommend a restaurant in the north with a moderate price range?  Any type of food will do.|There are two restaurants. They serve either chinese or indian type food. What do you like?
Oooh. I like both of those. Which would you recommend?|I think you will have a great time picking a dish at the nirala which serves indian.
Okay, thanks! Can you please give me the postcode and address?|The Nirala is located at 7 Milton Road Chesterton, cb41uy. How else can I help you today?
That's all the help I need for today, thank you.|Have a nice day.
Yes, I would like a train ticket for Sunday. I'm going to London Kings Cross.|Sure. Where will you be leaving from?
I'll be leaving from cambridge, and I need to get to kings cross by 10:00.|The TR3207 leaves at 07:00 and arrives at 07:51.  Would you like that one?
That sounds good. Please book it for 6 people and can I have the reference number?|Train TR3207 is booked for 6 people. The reference number is BAAL6J4H and the total fee is 113.28 GBP payable at the station.
Thank you. That's everything I needed.|Okay. Glad I could be of assistance.
I am looking for a train going to Cambridge leaving on Wednesday.|TR5725	From London kings cross to Cambridge	Wednesday leaving at 05:17. Does that work for you?
It really needs to depart from Norwich so I can arrive by 13:15|Certainly, you can leave Norwich Wednesday at 10:16 and arrive by 11:35, or leave at 11:16 and arrive by 12:35. Which would you like?
I'll take 5 tickets on the 11:16, please. Any may I have the reference number?|I was able to book that. The reference number is BY848B54. 88 GBP is payable at the station.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a place to dine in the center that's cheap.|There are fifteen cheap locations in the centre of town, do you know what kind of food you're looking for?
Nah, I'm not picky. Surprise me. I will need a phone number, address, and postcode, though.|Alright, lets give Zizzi Cambridge a shot, their phone number is 01223365599, their postcode is cb21ab, and their address is 47-53 Regent Street.
Great thank you I think I have all I need|You are welcome. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a restaurant called The Nirala. Can you tell me where it is?|It's located at 7 Milton Road Chesterton. Would you like me to book a table?
Could you please book a table for 2 at 14:45 on Wednesday|You're all set! Your reference number is QMY8NA1T. Do you need anything else?
I need a train from Cambridge as well.|Sure! What is your destination?
I am going to london kings cross on saturday|I have a train that leaves at 5:00 on Saturday. Would you like me to book it for you?
The train needs to arrive by 16:45|Okay there are 6 trains that match. Shall I complete a booking?
Yes as close to 16:45 as possible, book for 2 people please|Would you like me to book the 15:51 train?
What time does the 15:51 train arrive?|It leaves at 15:00 and gets there at 15:51, sorry for any confusion.
Yes please book that train for me.|I have booked tickets for 2 people, and your reference number is UBY652ER. Anything else I can do for you?
Thank you, that's all for now.|thank you and enjoy your stay in our city!
I want to leave for Cambridge by train on Wednesday.|Okay, where are you departing from?
I'll be coming from london kings cross|When do you want to leave London Kings Cross?
i will leave on wednesday|how about TR5725 that leaves at 05:17?
That will work. Will you please book it for 5 people?|It is booked and your reference number is EKDNFGB7. Is there anything else?
That is all I needed. Thanks!|You are more than welcome!
I am looking for a reasonably priced pizza place. Can you help?|There is pizza hut in the south. They are in the moderate price range
That sounds nice. Can you please book a table for 2 at 16:30 on Friday?|Alright, you're all set! Your reference number is: OYG60EP0.
Great! Thank you so much!|Do you need help with anything else?
i'm also looking for a train.|When would you like to travel?
I need to be in Cambridge by 10:15 on Friday.|Where are you leaving from and on what day?
Friday. I do not have a leaving from time. I just want to be there by 10:15.|Sorry, maybe I missed it. What station are you traveling from?
I'll be leaving from bishops stortford|train id TR2083 leaves at 09:29 and arrives at 10:07. will that suit you?
yes please. 2 tickets|I was able to book two tickets to Cambridge from Bishops Stortford. Your total is 20.2 GBP, payable at the station. Reference number is CGH0R0AS.
Thank you. Goodbye.|Thank you. I am glad I could be of help.
I'm looking for a train on Saturday that will take me into cambridge.|Where will you depart from?
I will be departing from norwich.|There are 19 trains do you have a time you'd like to travel?
Yes I need to arrive by 20:00.|I have one arriving at 19:35. It leaves Norwich at 18:16. Does that work?
Sure, they are normally on time. Could you book that for 2 people please?|Certainly. I have booked you on the 18:16 arriving at 19:35 for 2 people. your reference number is C4O2XOZA. Will that be all?
Yes, thanks for your help!|It was my pleasure to help. Have a wonderful day.
I am going on a trip to Cambridge and I would like a train leaving Wednesday around noon.|Sure. There are many options. Where would you be departing from? And do your prefer an arrival time?
it should depart from cambridge and arrive by 08:15|Ok great!  So that I can narrow down our results, can you tell me where you will be traveling to?
Yes, I am going to peterborough.|TR3730 will arrive by 07:56, would that work for you?
Yes, for four please.|I was able to book you 4 tickets for that train. Your reference number is FD20AHTB. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes. I'd like some information on a particular attraction called Little Saint Mary's Church.|Sure!  Little Saint Mary's Church is in the centre of the city on Little Saint Mary's Lane.  The phone number is 01223366202. It has free admission.
Thats perfect and what is the entrance fee ?|There isn't an entrance fee for Little Saint Mary's Church. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Hes, can you provide me the postcode please?|The postcode for Little Saint Mary's Church is cb21qy.
And what type of attraction is it?|It is an architecture type attraction renowned for it's stained glass windows.  Can I help with anything else?
No, you've been very helpful.  Thank you.  Goodbye|Glad to help. Let me know if you ever need anything else.
I need to find a train that leaves peterborough on friday.|sure, what is your destination?
I'll be heading to Cambridge and I'd like to leave at or a little after 09:00, if possible.|I have the tr1393 which leaves the station at 09:19, how many tickets would you like?
I need 4 tickets. What is the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 66 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : MU3UYQCK.
I'm also looking to eat at a restaurant called graffiti.|Graffiti is an excellent choice! It's an expensive British restaurant on the west side. Would you like a table there?
No thanks, I just need the address please.|There address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road postcode cb30lx. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I am looking for the address for graffiti|Their address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road. Anything more I can help with?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|Okay, let us know if you need anything else.
I am looking for a train departing from london kings cross.|There are 70 trains departing, what is your destination?
I would like to arrive in Cambridge on Tuesday by 17:00.|Of course. When would you like to leave?
It does not matter as long as I am in Cambridge by 17:00.|Sure, train TR0269 arrives by 16:08. That is the last train to arrive by 17:00. Would you like to book it?
Yes, please book the train for 4 people.|That booking reference will be F6JIDI3M. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all I needed. Thank you.|Okay.  Glad we could help.
I'm looking for moderately priced rooms. I'm willing to pay for parking, though.|What area of town are you looking to stay in?
It doesn't matter to me. Is there anything available?|Well, we have three hotels, the Ashley, Cityroomz, and Lovell Lodge, as well as fifteen guesthouses. Would you like to know about any of them?
No I diffidently want a hotel.  Ashley sounds good can I book a stay on Thursday?|Sure, how many people and how many days do you want to stay?
I need 3 people for 5 nights starting thursday|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 3UJ7212U.
I also need a train leaving the same day as hotel|Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving London kings cross. I need to be in Cambridge by 15:45.|There is a 13:17 that would arrive by 14:08.  Would that work?
That's perfect! Please make a booking for 3 and provide the reference number once you're done. Thanks!|Your reservation for 3 tickets on the TR2512 train at 23.60 person was successful, the total fee is 70.8 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is : 1MKW1ZCT.
Thanks for all your help! That will be all. Goodbye.|Thank you for using our service today!
I need to find a train to Cambridge on Sunday.|Where will you be coming from?
I'm leaving from London Kings Cross.|There are 10 trains that fit your criteria. Do you have a leave at or arrive by time preference?
It needs to leave after 14:30. I need a booking for 2 people.|I have a train that will leave at 15:17 and arrive in cambridge at 16:08. Would you like me to book that for you?
That works for me. I need the reference number.|I was able to successfully book your tickets.  The reference number is 02BPMPU4 and the total is 37.76 GBP which is payable at the station.
Thank you! Could you also suggest a museum to visit in the centre?|There are 11 museums in the city centre. Are you interested in art, antiques, technology, archaeology, science?
Perhaps one without an entry fee?|Castle Galleries is located in the Centre and has free admission.
That sounds perfect.  Can you please give me the phone number, address, and postcode?|The phone number for Castle Galleries is 01223307402, the address is unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street, and the postal code is cb23bj.
Thank you so much for your help!|No problem, is there anything else you'll be needing from me?
No, that will be all. Goodbye.|It was a pleasure helping you with your planning today. I hope you have a great trip. Good bye!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|sure, what information do you need?
I am going to be attending college soon and want to browse one of the campuses while I am in the area.|well we have quite a few what area please
I would like to visit a college in the centre of town.|Sure. There are 13 colleges in the centre. Most are free, but some have a small entrance fee. Would you like a list or a recommendation?
Yes, that would be great! And if you could give me the entrance fee that would be great too.|Well they are almost all free and located in the city center. I would recommend Christ's College for one.
Okay can I have the address and phone number?|The address is saint Andrew's street, and the phone is 01223334900. Can I assist with anything else?
I also am looking for a train on wednesday leaving peterborough.|Did you have a destination or time in mind?
Yes.  I am going to Peterborough.|I'd like to confirm that you want a train leaving Cambridge and arriving at Peterborough.
Yes, that's right. It should leave after 8:00. Book for 4 people.|I will be booking your tickets for train TR7413. It will leave at 8:06 and arrive at 08:56. The total fee is 66 GBP payable at the station. Reference #VAFLR9OD.
Thanks so much for your help today!|You are quite welcome, we are happy to help.  Is there anything further that you need assistance with today?
No that is it. Thank you very much.|Have a great time!
What museums are in Cambridge?  I am asking "for a friend".|There are 23 museums in Cambridge, so it would be a bit much to list them all. Can you give me a specific area to look in?
I'm not too particular on the location. Do you have any that you recommend?|Sure. I suggest the Cambridge Artworks. It's in the east section of the city, and is free. Would you like any more information?
That sounds good. Can you give me the postcode for the Cambridge Artworks?|The postcode for the cambridge artworks is cb13ef
Thank you. I also need info on a train. It should go to Birmingham new street and leave on Monday.|how about TR9195? it leaves at 0501
That sounds great, can you get me 6 tickets?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 450.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : PEY94A3O. Can I help you with anything else?
No that will be all thank you so much.|Ok. Thank you and good bye.
I am looking for an Indian restaurant that is in a cheap price range|There are 4 such restaurants, 3 in the centre and 1 in the north. Which area do you prefer?
I prefer one in the centre, and would like to reserve a table for 2 at 13:45 on Friday. Please forward me the reference number once it is booked.|Booking was successful at Kohinoor. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : MP6JC0PA.
Excellent. I'm also looking to depart from birmingham new street by train the same day as the restaurant. Is that possible?|I have 10 trains departing after the time of your reservation leaving on the :40 of the hour starting at 14:40 to 23:40. Would you like me to book one?
Are those going to cambridge? Because I really really need to arrive by 10:45.|There are 5 departing on that day by the restaurant with you arriving by 10:45. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
yes please book two tickets and I need my reference number as well.|Great, I was able to get you two tickets, your reference number is: F4SQSPAE and are payable at the station. Anything else today?
No thank you, you have been very helpful! And have a wonderful day!|Happy to be of service. Enjoy the rest of your day!
I'm looking for a train that will be leaving on Sunday going to Peterborough.|There are 38 trains, what time would you like to depart or arrive?
I need to get there by 21:30.|There are 32 trains travelling to peterborough on Sunday departing from cambridge.  The closest arrival time is 21:24, would you like to book a seat?
Yes, for 1 person please, and give me the reference number.|Your trainID TR9733 has been booked to leave at 12:34.  Than you.
I also need a room in Peterborough.|There are many results for hotels and guesthouses, could you be more specific on what price range you are looking for and what part of town?
I would like to stay at the El Shaddai. I would like to book it for 1 person for 4 nights starting on Wednesday.|Unfortunately I was not able to book the hotel for then.  Would you like to book another day or consider shortening your stay?
Is it possible to book this reservation for 2 nights?|Indeed it is! I just booked you for two nights, ref num: IC0RATQI. Do you need anything else today?
That's all.  Thank you very much.|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have a wonderful day!
I would like to find a nightclub to go to while I am in Cambridge. Can you give me information on any?|Yes, there are six clubs in Centre, Cambridge. Each location charges a 4-5 pound entrance fee. Do you have transportation?
Yes, I would like a taxi.|I'd be happy to book a taxi for you. What are your departure and arrival sites, and what time do you need transportation?
Actually, I need to find a college.|Sure!  There are several colleges in the centre.  May I suggest emmanuel or downing college, both have free entrance fees.  Would you still like to book the taxi?
Yes, that is good. But I really need a train to Cambridge, leaving after 12:15.|What day will you be traveling and where are you departing from?
I am departing from Broxbourne on Friday.|How about a 12:32 on Friday that will arrive by 13:32?
That will work can you get me a ticket for that?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : G3I6DQ4C.
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much! Have a great day!|Thank you for choosing us for your booking needs. Havea great day.
I want to go to a theater in the east part of town. Can you help me find some?|I'm sorry, but there aren't any theatres  in the east.  Would you like to try a different part of town?
Oh darn. Well how about something in the type of swimmingpool on the east side?|There's the abbey pool and astroturf pitc. Their phone number is 01223902088.
Please give me their address and postcode.|The address is Pool Way, Whitehill Road, off Newmarket Road.  Postcode  	cb58nt
is there an entrance fee?|I'm sorry, I am not able to see their entrance fee.  I'm sure if you call them, they will be happy to assist you.  Is there anything else?
I need a train to go to London Liverpool Street.|okay, what day and time would you like to travel? Also, where are you departing from?
I'm leaving on Monday and would like to arrive by 21:15. I will be departing from Cambridge.|TR7092 leaves London at 17:59 and arrives at 19:27.  Will that work for you?
that should be fine. please make a booking for one person.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is I7F5ZKJA. Can I help you with anything else today?
No thank you that is all I needed today.|You're welcome! Have a great time!
I want a restaurant in the centre of town.|Are you looking for a particular type of food?
Yes, French food.|Cote is a French Restaurant in the centre.  Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes!  I need at table for 6 at 18:30 Wednesday.|Here is your reference number 6HUYUYGS is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes I need to find a train to Cambridge from Kings Lynn.|When would you like to travel?
Thursday morning at 9 am|Train TR3447 leaves Kings Lynn at 09:11. Would you like to reserve a ticket?
yes please. make a booking fr the same number of people.|Okay, the booking was successful, the total fee is 58.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : FZ6DQHQT. Anything else I can help you with?
That is all I needed today.|welcome any day you want to know something
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|I can help you find what you are looking for.
Thank you! Can you help me find a train to Norwich, please?|Yes if you can tell me where you will leaving from and what day and time?
I'll be leaving Cambridge on Monday at 9 PM.|Train 2662 leaves Cambridge at 21:36 and arrives in Norwich at 22:55.  Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
I need the train to arrive by 21:00.  Is there one at that time?|May I recommend the TR9246 train arriving at 20:55
yes book that for 3 people please|Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : 8L54O12B.
I am now looking to dine at mahal of cambridge|Would you like more info or for me to book it?
what kind of food do they serve and how expensive is it?|It is a cheap Indian restaurant. Would you like to book a table?
No. I think that is all.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Actually, I would like to book a table at that restaurant.|On what day would you like a reservation?
Come to think of it, I won't need a reservation. That will be all for today. Thanks for your help!|No worries we are here if you need us, have a nice day.
Great. I'll call back if I need anything. Goodbye.|My pleasure. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I need a place to stay in the north that includes free wifi.|There are 12 places to stay in the north with free internet. Do you have a price range?
I would like to stay in the moderate price range.|all i have is guesthouses when were you planning your stay?
That's perfect, I was looking for a guesthouse. I'm still planning. Could you just give me the postcode for now?|acorn guest house with zip code cb41da will be perfect for you. It is a 4 star guest house and of moderate price.
Do they have free parking?|I will check to see if the acorn has free parking now.
I'm hoping to find a place to eat.|Do you have any food type preferences?
I would like to eat international food.|I have 3 restaurants serving this type of food.  Would you prefer cheap or moderate price range?
I would like moderate pricing.|The Varsity restaurant and Bloomsbury restaurant are both in the moderate range.  Do you have a preference?
I would like to pick a restaurant in the north.|There is no listing in the North,do you want to try a different area?
Can you tell me what theatres are in cambridge please?|We have four theatre's  in the centre of town and one theatre on the south side. Do you have a preference on location?
I'm interested in the one on the south side of town. Please provide me their postcode and phone number.|Phone number is 01223511511, and postcode is cb17gx
Thank you. Are there any trains leaving for cambridge from leicester that would get me there by 11:30?|Several, do you have a day you're interested in travelling on?
Yes I'd like to travel on Friday.|There are 5 trains that fit your needs. May I book one of them for you?
Sure, for 8 people please.|TR4170 leaves leicester at 9:09 and arrives in cambridge on Friday at 10:54. 8 tickets are booked, reference #: CL4V2583. Do you need further help?
No, that is it, thanks!|Your welcome, have a great day
Hi. I'm looking for a Hungarian restaurant in Cambridge that is moderately priced. Can you help me?|I'm sorry, there are no Hungarian restaurants in Cambridge.  Can I find a different type of restaurant for you?
Hmm, well maybe british food if you have anything.|I have found several British restaurants. Do you have any other criteria?
No can you recommend one?|If you ask me, the Oak Bistro is the place to go. They are in the centre of town and are moderately priced but the food is delicious.
That sounds great. Can you reserve us a table? We're a party of 3 and would like to eat at 16:15 on Wednesday.|I'm not able to make a reservation at that time. Would you like to try a different time?
How about 15:15. Also Im looking for a train that should arrive by 10:00 and depart from Kings Lynn.|I was able to successfully reserve your table for 15:15. Your reference number is TA9U3QQC. For the train, what day would you be traveling?
I am traveling on Wednesday, the same as for the restaurant.|I have train TR1612 that arrives in Cambridge at 09:58.  Would you like for me to make you a reservation?  How many seats will you need?
I need 3 seats same for the restaurant as well.|Ok great, can you please confirm the desired destination?
I need to go to Cambridge.|There are 5 trains that match your request, would you like me to book one of them?
Any of those would be fine. Thank you. For 3 people and can I have the reference number?|Sorry for the misinformation, I must have typo'd. The TR8044 leaves Kings Lynn 09:11, arrives Cambridge 09:58. I've booked you 3 seats, total 29.4GBP, payable at the station. Ref#WYQ30HTP.
OK, thanks, that's what I needed.|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I think that's all. Thanks so much.|You're welcome. Have a great day.
Hello, a friend recommend I try out Camboats while I'm in town. Can you tell me more about it?|camboats is a boat in the east.  Do you need a phone number?
Yes, please, and also the address.|The phone number for Camboats is 01223902112 and the address is The Plough, Green End, Fen Ditton. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you tell me the entrance fee?|I'm sorry. I don't have any information on the entrance fee. I'm not sure if they have one or not.
Okay, don't worry about it. Just please find me a train that arrives in cambridge by 13:30|TR5219 leaves from london kings cross at 05:17 	arriving at Cambridge on Friday at 06:08. Would you like me to book a seat?
you didn't even ask where i'm leaving. or what time. you're not very helpful "Help Desk"|I think there was a bad connection or a line crossed on that last sentence.   I have the arrival time as 13:30, I just need the day.
I will be traveling on Thursday.|I have a train on Thursday that arrives by 12:08. Will that do for you?
Yes, that would be fine. I'll need tickets for 7 people.|Done! The total is 165.20 Pounds, payable at the station. Your reference number is 1AGJWGQ4. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you. I have everything I need right now. Goodbye.|I am glad to help you.  Have a good day.
I'm looking for a train going to kings lynn.|On which day will you be traveling?
On sunday.  I'd like to arrive by 09:45.|I have 4 trains on Sunday from Cambridge to Kings Lynn. The TR8042 arrives at 08:58. Would you like me to book it?
Yes. Make booking for 3 people and can I have a refernce number?|Your tickets are ready . Reference number is : NGHD22EZ.
I also need a guesthouse with free wifi. Can you help me find one?|What area are you looking to stay in?
I would like to stay on the south.|Okay! There are three. What price range would you like? I can book you at a moderately-priced or cheap guesthouse.
Is there a guesthouse that doesn't have free parking?|No, all three have parking and internet.
ok book me one for the same group of people and 4 nights starting from wednesday|Okay, I have you booked at the Bridge Guest House.  Your reservation number is KMYQSG7Z.  Can I help with anything else?
That is all. Thanks so much!|Have a nice day.
I'd like some help finding a train leaving peterborough on tuesday.|Absolutely, do you want to leave or arrive by a certain time?
Leave after 10:15, please.|Unfortunately, there are no trains that leave after 10:15.
Okay what are the available train times?|i have booked you one leaving at 10.19.
OK, is it going to Cambridge?  Can I have the reference number please?|there seems to be a break down in communication. Please restate the departure and arrival locations and the day and time.
I need a train from Peterborough to Cambridge on Tuesday, leaving after 10:15.|I have train TR1674 leaving at 10:48 and arriving at 11:38. Would you like to book tickets?
I need to book for one person, I will need the reference number. Also, I need to book a hotel called Caroline Bed and Breakfast, I need the address.|Okay. Your train booking was successful. You'll owe 16.5 which can be paid at the station. The reference number is X58GNQ74.
Can you look up a hotel called Carolina bed and breakfast?|I have it right here
Well, thats great.  That means you should be able to give me the address|The address is 138 perne road. Would you like to book a room?
No, I just need the address. Thank you.|it is 138 perne road.
Have a nice day.|Thank you, have a wonderful day. Let us know if we can help in any way.
Yes, can you help me with my hotel plans?|Yes, I can certainly help you with that. Is there an area of town you prefer to stay in? And do you have a price range in mind?
I want to stay in Cambridge and I need a cheap hotel.|I have about 10 options of cheaper rooms. Most are guesthouses and 1 is a hotel. Do you prefer one over the other?
I prefer a hotel.  Preferably one with free parking.|Is there a particular side of town you prefer?
I would like to be in the center.|The hotel is located in the west. Would you like a guesthouse instead?
After rethinking some things, I actually would like an expensive hotel in the centre.  I'd still like free parking as well.  Are any available?|I have two. Would you prefer 3 or four stars?
Hi! I need a train to Leicester. I want to leave after 14:45.|No problem. What day will that be for?
For Thursday please and I want to go to Cambridge.|TR939 leaves cambridge and goes to leicester at 15:21 would that work for you?
Actually I need a train leaving leicester going to Cambridge. Not the reverse.|I'm sorry.  Yes, train TR1575 will arrive in Cambridge by 16:54. It leaves Leicester at 15:09.  Can I book it for you?
Yes, please. I need tickets for 5 people and a reference number, if possible.|You got it, 5 tickets were booked, reference number is 2YCGD64V.
Thank you for your help.|No problem.  Glad to be of assistance.
Wow, I cant believe that I got a person this quickly. I need a train to cambridge.  I want to get there buy tuesday at 12:30.|I'm happy to help. Where will you be departing from?
I'll be leaving from london kings cross.|Train TR7850 arrives at 12:08, but that there are trains arriving earlier. Which one could you rather take?
I would like to take this train. Thank you.|Reference number is : UKTVT9CY. the total fee is 23.6 GBP payable at the station .
Awesome. Could you also help me find a restaurant in the centre?|There are 69 choices to select from. Can you narrow it down to the type of food and price range? I can then search again for you
it should be in the moderate price range.|What type of food do you like?
American food and I need a booking for same group|The only one I find with American food is in the expensive range, it's the gourmet burger kitchen. Is this something you would be interested or would you prefer something else?
I am looking for something in the moderate price range in the Centre. Is there anything that meets that criteria?|I can recommend the oak bistro in the centre of town, they have british food, and are in the moderate price range. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please! I'd like a table for one person at 20:30 on tuesday|I am sorry, I am unable to book that right now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
How about a table at 19:30? Can you reserve that please?|I apologize but that doesn't seem to be available either. Would you like me to try a different restaurant?
Yes if there are any more options, why don't you try and suggest on for me, which ones do you like?|We do have openings at the oak bistro if you are interested. It is located in centre with moderate price range.
Yes I would like a reservation for one at 19:30|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 4ZAIQ7NX. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, you've been a great help today. Thank you. Goodbye.|Okay, I am glad to have assisted you. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a train going to kings lynn.|On which day will you be traveling?
On sunday.  I'd like to arrive by 09:45.|I have 4 trains on Sunday from Cambridge to Kings Lynn. The TR8042 arrives at 08:58. Would you like me to book it?
Yes. Make booking for 3 people and can I have a refernce number?|Your tickets are ready . Reference number is : NGHD22EZ.
I also need a guesthouse with free wifi. Can you help me find one?|What area are you looking to stay in?
I am looking for places to go in town.|We have many options to choose from, is there a particular type of place you are interested in seeing?
Somewhere in the Centre, entertainment.|There aren't any attractions of that type in the Centre unfortunately, do you have an alternative preference?
I could also go to a college instead.|What about Christ's college? it's free to get in.
Can you give me the address for Christ's college please?|Sure, it is located on Saint Andrew's Street, postcode cb23bu.  Admission is free.  Can I be of further help today?
Yes, I need a train coming from Ely on Friday.|There are 10 trains fitting your criteria. Do you a time preference on arrival or departure?
Yes, it will need to leave after 12:30. I'll just book it for one person to cambridge.|Train ID TR9236 leaves at 13:35 and arrives in Ely at 13:52.  Would you be interested in booking that option?
Yes. I need to book for one.|Okay, your reference number is 1A7ZKZ7F. Is there anything else you need?
That is all. Thank you for your help.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
I am interested in attractions located in the centre of town.|There are 44 attractions in the center area could you be more specific as to what you'd like to see?
I would like to see an art museum and know the entrance fee.|the broughton house gallery museum offers free admission.
That's great I'm also looking for a train to go to broxbourne and it should leave after 12:45|What day do you need the train for?
I need the train for wednesday.|What is your departure site and arrival time?
I'll be leaving from Cambridge; arrival time isn't important. I just need to leave after 12:45.|Okay, how about the TR6167 leaving at 13:01 and arriving by 14:01 with a duration of 60 minutes? The price is 17.90 pounds. Will you be traveling alone or with guests?
I need to book a ticket for 5 people and get a reference number|Your reference number is LUOBDJXL
Thank you so much for your help! That's all I needed!|Have a great day!
You as well, thanks!|Thanks again, goodbye!
I need a train leaving on tuesday going to cambridge.|Where are you coming from?
leaving birmingham new st going back to cambridge I would let to get there by 11:30 if possible|TR4987 gets there 10:08 and will cost 23.60 pounds. can i book it?
Yes, can you book it for 2 people and could I get the reference number?|I actually booked you on TR0254, arriving in Cambridge at 08:23.  Reference number is : OEV193OS. 150.19 GBP payable at the station
Thank you so much.  I also need a place to stay while in Cambridge.  Could you help me find a room please?|I can help you with that. Is there a certain price range you are looking to stay in?
no, but could it have a 4 star rating?|We have lots of those!  Any features that you prefer?
any that has free wifi|You have 21 options to choose from. Would you like to narrow it down by location?
Whatever is open and available, please book me for 2 people on 4 night starting tuesday.|I booked a and b guest house, reference number is : K0FKUFNP.
Thanks! That's all I need for now!|i am glad to be of service to you. i wish a nice trip and wonderful stay at Cambridge. Goodbye
I'm looking for a particular restaurant called the cow pizza kitchen and bar. What do you know about it?|Yes The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar serves gastropub type of food, is moderate in price and is located in the centre of town. Would you like the address?
I would like to book a table there for 1 person on Sunday at 19:00. And could I please have the reference number?|Sure!  The Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : OKV392YK.
I also need a training leaving on the same day I booked the restaurant for.|What is your destination?
I am traveling from Peterborough to Cambridge.  Need to be there by 15:15.|what will be your departure time?
I would like to arrive by 15:15, so if you could find the train closest to that arrival please.|TR7864 will be the closest to that arrival, it arrives at 15:09. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes please get me 1 ticket and then tell me the reference number|Your booking was successful and you will pay 13.2 GBP at the station. Your reference number is EHCN9BOG.
No, that is all I need today. Thanks!|Alright, no problem! Enjoy your visit!
I need a train to leave from cambridge after 15:30.|Ok, lets get you set up, where are you going and on what day?
I will be leaving on saturday and going to london liverpool street.|I would recommend TR4859 which leaves Cambridge at 15:59 and arrives at London Liverpool Street at 17:27.
That sounds fine. Can you reserve 6 tickets for me please?|You're all booked.  TR4859 for 6 people will be 79.67 GBP.  Your reference number is CTETVS75.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of museum|There are 23 museums in cambridge.  Are you  interested in a particular type of  one in a certain part of town?
Not really.  Pick the best one for me!|I am very partial to the Cambridge Artworks museum located at 5 greens road and admission is free. Does that sound good?
That sounds great! What area and can I get the postcode?|It is located in the east and the postal code is cb13ef.
Great, thanks, that's all I need!|You're welcome, glad I could help.
Hello, I'd like some information on a restaurant today.|There are lots of choices for you!  Do you have a price range or certain kind of food that sounds good?
Expensive price range is fine|There are plenty of options.  Is there a particular type of cuisine you are interested in?
Not really. I am just looking for a good local restaurant.|I recommend cambridge lodge restaurant it's located in the west. Would you like more information on it?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|I need you to tell me the date and time for the reservation, and how many people will be attending.
I need a table for 2 people at 17:45 on Sunday please.|Cambridge Lodge Rest is a nice place,would you like me to book it for you ?
I am looking for a train.|Alright, where will you be leaving from, or where are you heading?
The train should go to cambridge and should depart from stansted airport.|Alright, I have many options for you depending on the day of the week or times you wish to travel. Do you have a preference?
leaves at 1900hrs, arrives on sunday and booked fir one person.get me the reference number too|Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 70MPLUW8.
Thank you for your help.|Thank you goodbye
Hi, could you tell me if Cambridge Book and Print Gallery is still open?|Yes, but I am unable to make a booking for you.  Would you like to do anything else?
That's fine, could you give me the address for the gallery please?|The address is 49 newnham road, is there anything else I could do for you?
Yes, I also need to find a train leaving from cambridge.  Can you help me with that?|Absolutely, where would you like to go?
I would like to go to london liverpool street on Thursday. I would like to leave after 16:00.|There are 4 trains that run during that period, do you have a preference for your arrival time?
Just any time leaving after 16:00, and I need tickets for 5 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 83 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : IG0M4C9S.
Great! I think that is all I need. I appreciate your help today.|Glad I could help you. Have a nice day.
Thank you! You have a nice day as well.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre, have a great day!
Thank you, you as well, goodbye.|Goodbye to you as well. I hope you have a wonderful day.
Hi there.  I'm looking for a particular hotel called the A and B Guest House.|I have the places info here, what may I help you with?
I need to book the hotel for 2 people for 2 nights starting on Saturday.|Okay, you've been booked! Your reference number is GPU1Z9PM.
OK, thank you! I am also looking for a train for monday that leaves after 10:15, could you help me with that?|Yes, there are a lot of options. Do you know what station you'd like to travel in to or out of?
From Cambridge to Kings Lynn please.|TR3566 is the first train leaving cambridge to kings lynn on monday. it departs at 11:11 and arrives at 11:58. How amny tickets would you like to book?
I would like 2 tickets please.|That would be 19.6 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is 7XTP6M2A. Is there anything else I could help you with?
Thank you. That will be everything I need today.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Hello, can you tell me about some colleges in town?|There are 18 colleges to choose from. Is there a specific area you are interested in?
I'm looking for college attractions in the cambridge area|Pembroke college is available would you like to visit that?
Yes please. What area is that in?|It is located in the centre. Would you like more information?
Yes, I would like to book a train for cambridge on tuesday|There are many options to choose from.  Can you give me the departure city and departure/arrival times?
I'll be departing from london liverpool street, and I'd like to arrive by 18:45.|I can get you a train that arrives at 17:07. Would you like to book that?
Yes for five people please.|Your booking is all set! Your reference number is 5WATWCJJ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I believe that's everything for now. Thank you for all of your help.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I'm looking for a train to Ely. I need to arrive by 19:30.|We have the TR9933 train arriving at 18:07. Would you like me to book that for you?
That train is leaving from Cambridge on Sunday, correct?|With your new criteria, that train won't work anymore, but there are other options. What is your preferred departure time?
The departure time is of no concern, but I need to arrive on sunday in ely at 19:30 please.|TR2475 arrives in Ely at 08:07. Would you like any more information about this route or assistance booking a ticket?
Great. I need it booked for 6 people and could you give me the reference number. I'm also looking for places to go in the centre of town.|Your train is booked for 6 people.  The total fee is 21.12 GBP, which is payable at the station. Anything else I can help with?
I also am looking for an attraction to go to in the centre of town.|There are 44 attractions available, do you have a preference to the type of location?
Yes, in the centre of town.|Are you most interested in free attractions?
That would be fine. What is the name and address of one of those attractions?|Castle Galleries is a museum in the centre of town that has free admission.
Please give me their address|Sure, the address of Castle Galleries is unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street.
Great, thanks. That's all I need.|It's my pleasure. Thank you for allowing me to assist you. Goodbye!
I wanted to travel to kings lynn. Do you have a train leaving on monday?|there are 19 trains available. What time of day would you like to travel?
I would like to arrive by 11:00 if possible please.|TR1854 Arrives at 10:58. TR1163 arrives at 09:58.
That would work can I get 7 tickets please?|Sure! Just to clarify, would you prefer the TR1854 train or the TR1163 train?
any will be fine with me.|TR1163, your booking was successful, the total fee is 68.6 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : GFGRNXJT. Will there be anything else today?
I also need a place to stay that has free wifi and parking.|To help narrow it down, do you have an area or price range you prefer?
It should be in the moderate price range. Does that help?|In that case I recommend the acorn guest house. They have 4 stars and are in the north side of town with parking and internet for you
That sounds great!  Can you please book it for me starting on Thursday?  I will need the reference number please.|The Reference number is : 0Q276EHV.
I need some help choosing a train from Cambridge to London King's Cross.|The next train leaves Cambridge for London Kings Cross on Friday at 05:00. What day do you want to travel?
I need to leave on Wednesday sometime after 16:30.|I have a train leaving at 17:00 and arriving at 17:51 would you like to book this?
Yes please make a booking for 3 people.|The booking was successful. Reference number is : IGMRVY4Y
That's lovely. We also require lodging. Could you help find a guesthouse with free parking?|There are 21 guesthouses that include parking. Is there a price range or area you would like to stay?
It doesn't matter, we will also need wifi, and will be staying for 2 nights, starting on Monday.|I would recommend the Alexander Bed and Breakfast then.
That sounds great.  Can you go ahead and book it for me?|Alright I booked it. Reference number is I5AR5Q3J
Thanks so much! I'm all finished now, goodbye!|Your welcome! Please have a nice day!
I would like to visit a museum in the east.|I have about 4 different ones. I would definitely say that Cambridge Artworks is one of the best. They have excellent exhibits.
Sounds good, what is the postcode for the Cambridge Artworks?|Sure. The postcode is cb13ef.
Thanks.  Can you tell me if there are any trains that could get me to Cambridge by 13:00?|Sure, where are you departing from, and what day are you traveling?
I'm flying in to Stansted Airport on Tuesday.|There are 8 to choose from, and the soonest departure is TR9892, which leaves at 05:24. Would you like me to book some tickets for you?
That seems to work.  I need 6 tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 60.59 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : JC1Q1FZW.
That should be all for today.  Thank you for your help.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I'm looking for a train. The train should leave after 09:00 and should go to broxbourne.|What day will this be on?
On Sunday.|TR941 leaves at 9:01 would you like me to book it?
Yes please. I need that booked for 8 people.|I was able to get you 8 tickets.  Your reference number is V2XTDMK6.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you, that is all for now. Have a great day.|You're welcome. Have a great trip!
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel, and it doesn't need to have free parking.|I have three hotels that meet your criteria. Are you looking for a specific part of town?
No, but price is important- anything moderately priced on your list?|I have a cheap 4 star in west, and two expensive ones - one in west and one centre. Which one are you interested in?
I'd like a hotel that is in the moderate price range.  Could you recommend that for me?|I'm sorry, but I don't have any hotels in the moderate price range that are 4 stars. If you're interested in a guesthouse, though, we do have options for you.
What are those options?|You could try the allenbell.
All right, let's try that. May I get a reservation for Friday and Saturday night, 8 people each night?|Thank you for waiting.  Your reservation has been made.  Your reference number is G9EWB5NN.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train on Sunday from Cambridge to Peterborough leaving after 14:15.|Is there a time you need to arrive by?
No, I just need to leave after 14:15 please.|Okay the TR3577 leaves at 14:34.
Great, thanks so much! That's all I need! Have a great day!|You too, enjoy your stay.
I am looking for directions to Jinling Noodle Bar, can you help me?|Yes certainly, Jinling noodle bar is located at 11 Peas Hill City Centre and the postcode is cb23pp. Would you like their phone number also?
No, but I need to book a table for 6 people at 12:30 on sunday.|Okay, booking was successful.  I got 6 people at Jinling Noodle for Sunday 12:30.   The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : 6LAC61CT
Thank you, I also want to book a train for the the same day, departing from Birmingham new street.|I would be more than happy to book that for you for 6. Your reference number is 0U3B4A3O
Thank you. I also want to book a train for the same day, departing from Birmingham New Street and arriving in Cambridge by 9:30.|Sure, I have two trains that arrive by 09:30, TR8730 arrives at 08:23, and TR9637 arrives at 09:23. Which would you like and for how many riders?
The 9:23 arrival is perfect timing! I need it for the same 6 people. Can I please get the reference number for that booking also?|The reference number is 0U3B4A3O. What else can I do for you?
I think that's all I need. Thank you!|Okay, have a great day and thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I need a train leaving from leicester on thursday. Thanks.|There are 19 trains leaving Leicester Thursday. Where do you want to arrive?
I need to arrive in Cambridge|TR3839 ill cost you 37.80 pounds and will arrive 10:54. can we book?
Okay. Could you make me a booking for 2 people please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.59 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is UE7KA83C
Can you help me find a place to eat that is really cheap in the centre of town?|Okay, what type of food would you like to eat?
Just to make sure, TR3839 leaves after 10:00 correct?  I cannot leave before then. As far as cuisine type, Chinese sounds good.|Yes the train leaves at 10:54.  I would recommend Rice House at 88 Mill Road City Centre.  Would you like to make a reservation?
No thank you. I just need the postcode please.|The post code is cb12bd. Can I get you anything else?
yes I will be hungry i need a place to eat|rice house is a good place. Shall I book it ?
Sorry, I don't need a reservation. That's all I need, thanks so much for your help!|Thank you for using this service goodbye
I'm looking for a train departing on saturday from cambridge.|Escaping for the weekend, huh? Where are you headed?
Getting out of cambridge for awhile going to stansted airport and would like to leave anytime after 12:30 please|TR8476 will cost you 8.08 pounds. can i book it for you?
Yes please. I need to book it for 3 people. Once booked can I please have the reference number?|Alright got your tickets booked, the total fee is 24.24 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is: O14QEE79. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, we're also looking for a hotel to stay at when we're in town.|I can help you with that. What amenities are you looking for?
I definitely want a 4-star hotel, not a guesthouse. I don't care about parking, but I do need free wifi.|how about huntingdon hotel in the west?
That sounds great. Can you give me some information about it?|Absolutely. It's an expensive 4 star hotel that offers free wifi and free parking. The hotel is located at kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon. Can I book it for you?
Can you book it for me. From Thursday, for 2 nights and 3 people.|Absolutely! Your stay has been booked, and the reference number is 97Z4GAQ7. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you.|I'm glad we were able to help you.  Goodbye!
i need a hotel with wifi in the north part of town|I can help with that. What kind of price range do you have in mind?
I am open as far as price range, but I would love a 4 star place.|There doesn't appear to be a 4 star hotel with wifi in the north. Can I interest you in a lower star rating?
No, the hotel needs to have a 4 star rating. Can you please check your system again? Thanks|i am sorry. i have double checked and still do not find anything matching your criteria. would you like a different star rating?
Perhaps there is a guestroom?|No but would you like to try another location ?
No I need the north. Is there anything else available in the north?|there are a variety of good things in the north it depends on what you want i will find whatever you request
Hello! I need to find a train leaving Wednesday.|There are 2,828 trains scheduled to travel on Wednesday. Where are you planning on departing from and where is your destination?
I need to go to Cambridge from bishops stortford on wednesday and arrive by 09:15.|I have found two different options that fit your request. Would you like to leave at 05:29 and arrive by 06:07 or leave at 07:29 and arrive by 08:07?
I need one that can fit three people. I need three tickets.|I can book for 3 people for either of those trains.  Is there one of the times you prefer?
I prefer to arrive by 08:07.  Can you suggest a cheap greek restaurant? I'd like a reservation for 3 people at 10:00.  Please provide reference numbers.|Yes I will book it for you and provide a reference number
Thank you. Once you provide me with the reference number that is all I need.|I'm sorry, but we don't have any Greek restaurants in town. Would you like to try a different type of cuisine?
I also like Asian Oriental.|I have 5 restaurants that are Asian Oriental, do you have an area preference?
I would like to be in the centre of town.|There are 3 in the town centre. Would you like cheap or moderately priced food?
Cheap price sounds good to me.|I booked it for Wednesday. Your reservation number is EQHAMTOB, is there anything else?
That's all I need for now. Thanks for the help.|You are most welcome, contact us if you need more assistance.
I need a train from cambridge to go to london liverpool street|sure, what day are you traveling?
I will be traveling on Thursday.|Do you know what time you need to depart or arrive by so I can narrow the options?
I will be traveling on a Sunday, and I need to arrive by 14:30|You will be traveling on Thursday or Sunday? You've said both.
I should leave Cambridge on sunday and arrive in london liverpool street by 14:30. I need 4 tickets and a reference number.|TR5504 would arrive at 13:27, would that work?
Yes, that's perfect. I need tickets for 4 people, please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 66.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : B8QZ32WO. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, i need to find a restaurant to visit in the centre of town. Preferably in the moderate price range.|There are 21 that fits your criteria. Which cuisine would you like, to help narrow your choices down?
It doesn't matter.|Yippee Noodle Bar meets your criteria, would you like their information?
Yeah, tell me the address for that restaurant and the type of food they serve|They are an Asian/Oriental restaurant, and are located at 40428 King Street City Centre. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all that I need.|Thank you for using the Help Desk.  Have a great day!
